This page lists the Sandbox members and their publically available data. 
Search by name, hub, interests and so on.
Oliver Rieche (London)
Trainee lawyer at a commercial law firm in London who loves travelling, getting to know people and eating lots and lots good food. Lived in 7 countries and hopes to meeting Sandboxers around the globe!
Linkedin
Betty Tsai (Singapore)
Skincare scientist with a Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering on process optimization of complex systems
Slack: Btsai , Linkedin
Can help with: Innovation, product design, project and product management
Julia Barboza Belistri (Buenos Aires)
Engineer. Travel and Food lover.
Mehdi Ayouche (Paris)
Lifelong learning advocate, occasional surfer, electronic music lover
Slack: Mehdi , Linkedin
Can help with: Crafting videos, making food, creating a music festival, djaying at a party, debating about school and diversity,
Emelie Bergius (Paris)
Product manager - help brands understand their sustainability impact. Creative amateur painter. Like to discuss social philosophy.
Linkedin
Can help with: Product management, design sprint, workshops, Stockholm, Sweden, Paris, support, energy boost
Akram Dweikat (London)
Akram Dweikat is a Palestinian computer engineer and entrepreneur based in London, Recognised by UK Government as an Exceptional Talent. Akram is a Principal Consultant At Daemon Solutions, Leading an engineering team to deliver innovative solutions to UK
Linkedin
Olga Peters (Zürich)
I'm a finance professional and a co-founder of QualySense AG, an agri-tech venture focused on grain, seed and bean inspection and sorting.
Slack: Petersol , Linkedin
Can help with: Startup, venture, fundraising, financial planning, network, strategy, marketing
Alan Daitch (Argentina (although i'm quite Nomad))
I'm CEO and founder at Digodat, a great Analytics company based in Argentina and Mexico.
Slack: Alan , Linkedin
Can help with: Digital Analytics, Google, Entrepreneurship, Online Marketing
Tomás Guarna (Buenos Aires)
Studied History, works in digital communications.
Slack: Tomas , Linkedin
Can help with: Digital Communications, Digital Strategy, Public History, Media, Writing
Amit Wior (Buenos Aires)
Passionate about technology, digital culture and new media. I'm a Social Entrepreneur - love to lead change and make things happen. I enjoy art, good food and meeting new people.
Slack: Amitwior , Linkedin
Can help with: Brainstorming, nightlife, events, connections, marketing, branding, copywriting
Jeb Koogler (Buenos Aires)
I'm an American entrepreneur who currently lives in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Slack: I don't have one. , Linkedin
Can help with: FB ads, virtual assistants, social media
Martin Palazzo (Buenos Aires)
I am a scientist. I explore biology with data.
Slack: Martin Palazzo , Linkedin
Can help with: Machine Learning, data mining. Event organization.
Majo Greloni (Buenos Aires)
I am a social innovator focused in the public, non-profit and social business sector. I like to create new projects combining agile, design, and technology to promote impact and development in the world. Currently, Executive Director at Kubadili, also ex-
Slack: Majo_Greloni , Linkedin
Can help with: Designing events, designing their organisations, to grow their startup, communication(I don't love in anymore but i can help ;) , with the NGO sector, when working with govs, innovation, agile, TICS communication, campaigning
Christina Herbach (London)
Stategy Consultant for Retail Companies and Co-Founder of the Bring Your Own Story supper club
Slack: @cherbach , Linkedin
Can help with: Creating meaningful gatherings, experience design, retail strategy
Safoora Biglari (London)
Associate Director, Community Relations at One Young World, the global forum for young leaders. My mission is to support the 10,000 OYW Ambassadors who to date have impacted 17.5 million people. Representing every country and every sector, it is my passio
Linkedin
Can help with: Project & event support, anything communications related, cooking.....
Matteo Trevisan (London)
Matteo is an internationally bred Leadership Trainer, Coaching Trainer, and Executive Coach. Initially spawned from the world of physics, then teaching, he is looking to make an impact in the private sector, the education system, and (eventually) politica
Slack: Fearlessfuturecoach.slack.com , Linkedin
Can help with: Executive Coaching, Leadership, Management, Communication, Mindset
Victoria Princewill (London)
Victoria Princewill FRSA is a novelist and cultural commentator. She has written for the Guardian, LRB, Independent & BBC. Her debut novel, out in Jan 2020, In the Palace of Flowers, is about Abyssinian slaves in Iran who were written out of history. She
Slack: NA , Linkedin
Can help with: Writing, philosophy, planning events, hosting salons
Guido Sirna (Buenos Aires)
Entrepreneur. Composer.
Slack: Guidosirna , Linkedin
Bara Caldova (Zurich)
What makes me tick: thinking big, creative problem solving, connecting on a deep level. Currently Head of ProductLab @ Nomoko, reinventing how we interact with the world around us.
Linkedin
Can help with: Branding, Creative strategy consulting, Psychology, MBSR
Raashid Navlakhi (Bangalore)
Founder, Jigsaw Thinking. We enable aspiring professionals to achieve their career and business goals using design thinking techniques.
Slack: Raashid , Linkedin
Can help with: Career, Startups, Freelancing, Coaching, Design Thinking, Creative Thinking
Georgie Nightingall (London)
Social Entrepreneur. On a mission to help people connect anywhere - Founder @ Trigger Conversations. TedX Speaker. Conversationalist. Many other labels too!
Linkedin
Can help with: Psychology, Linguistics, Events & Experiences, Coaching. Training, Speaking, Sound-boarding. Startups, Project Management. Conversation & Communication Training.
Patchi Dranoff (NYC)
Patchi is a New York-based multi-faceted designer effecting positive social impact by designing and producing creative projects, products and gatherings. Among several freelance creative engagements (ask her about them!), Patchi is the Creative Director a
Slack: Patchi Dranoff , Linkedin
Can help with: Design, social impact, travel, topics about: Brazil (my home country), living in NYC, international identity, freelancing
Rania Kanaan (Dubai)
I like to dance, eat good food, and enjoy good company. I love the sea, turtles and nature.
Linkedin
Can help with: Starting businesses, motivation, travel and can give lots of love
Xiao-Xiao Zhu (London)
Venture Architect, Entrepreneur, ex Concert Pianist & Management Consultant
Slack: Xiao-Xiao , Linkedin
Can help with: Digital Innovation; Venture Building; Management Consulting; Concert Piano
Brady Halligan (Philadelphia)
Business strategist, design thinker, community builder.
Linkedin
André Borges (Lisbon)
Worked in Financial Markets, then hardware for criminal investigation and now education with a lot of mentoring / volunteering in NGOs/events related with entrepreneurship and skills development. I would say that I'm a serial entrepreneur that until now l
Slack: Helixpt , Linkedin
Can help with: Fundraising, pitching, LATAM market, personal growth.
Malik Piara (Lisbon)
Product Manager in the making. Passionate about good UX and web-based technology.
Slack: @malikpiara , Linkedin
Can help with: Organisation of startup related events, Building a digital focused startup from scratch (early early stage)
Joachim (The Other Hub - Nomad)
Joachim Brackx was born at the seaside in Belgium and had a successful career as a singer and composer before turning to entrepreneurship. He co-founded and runs several companies remotely while travelling the world and helping others create the life they
Linkedin
Can help with: Relationships, lifestyle design, music, mindfulness
Nithya J Rao (Bangalore)
Entrepreneur - Psychologist - Actor, I am on a mission to create authentic spaces for living and expression, inside and outside of oneself.
Slack: Nithyajrao@gmail.com , Linkedin
Can help with: Psychology, Theatre, Art, Expression, chilling,Hanging Out
Maya Freebird (Other)
Founder of A Tiny Book and author of the children's book series with Livvie & Mamma
Alison Wynn (Nomad)
Multimedia storyteller focused on documenting women's lives, the environment, education and more
Slack: Chaquevendredi@gmail.com , Linkedin
Can help with: Storytelling, Photography, Video, Writing, French,
Line Kolling (Copenhagen)
Line is a creative soul, and when she is not building a camper van or running around in a desert, you will able to find her in Copenhagen. She breathes and lives for the people around her, and she is always up for chat about life (hacks).
Linkedin
Can help with: Lifehacks, consultingwizz, peopleskills
Cayo Fiebig (Copenhagen)
Life lover | Impact Investor | Explorer | Learner
Slack: Cayo , Linkedin
Can help with: Establishing Positive Mindsets, Coping with Failure, Goal setting, Fundraising, Emerging market scale up, Embedding Exponential Technology in Business Models
Basti Hirsch (Berlin)
Education Activist, based in Berlin. I'm helping educational innovators remake learning in the digital age. Interested in learning in the digital age, school construction, pedagogical architecture, bouldering, coffee, cycling.§
Jon Youshaei (SF)
I love telling stories - whether through cartoons, videos, or words. Some of you may know me as the dude behind Every Vowel, a popular cartoon series with 400,000+ readers that Business Insider called the "Dilbert of this generation." Others may know me a
Slack: @youshaei , Linkedin
Can help with: Videos, writing, cartoons, storytelling
Alexa Shoen (London)
Never not teaching, never not feeling. A jazz singer currently writing a book about finding employment in modern economy. Also experimenting with a stint in corporate tech.
Linkedin
Sarah Horn (Amsterdam)
Philomath
Linkedin
Mary Hurd (New York)
Explorer + Brand Strategist
Linkedin
Ava Houshmand (Berlin)
Listener, learner, hugger
Linkedin
Tyler Wallace (Washington, D.C.)
I am a storyteller with a predilection for existential topics. Although I can most easily be defined as a skeptic, I also deeply believe in the intrinsic value of intimacy, compassion, and wonder. I like to pursue greater depths of understanding and creat
Linkedin
Can help with: Multimedia Production, Business Strategy/Messaging, Talking Film and Philosophizing
Arjun Gupta (Toronto)
Consultant focusing on fundraising and government relations for startups in regulated industries. Political junkie and former volunteer organizer on Obama 2012 campaign. Excited to meet interesting people solving complex problems. Reach out on Twitter @ar
Slack: @arjungupta
Can help with: Helping with seed-stage fundraising, pitch deck creation, narrative and pitch development, graphic design
Tobyn Aaron (San Francisco)
Corporate lawyer by day, and post-genocide justice seeker by night (and by weekend). I spend an inordinate amount of time seeking the best black sesame flavored ice cream on offer. I love live jazz, close friendships, being helpful, hosting (and eating) d
Slack: Tobyn , Linkedin
Can help with: Exec compensation lawyer things, things related to Japan, global music recs, and restaurant recommendations
Kalina (Lisbon)
Creative
Irma Laura Oliveira de Magalhães (Porto)
Free human being
Linkedin
Mary-Kate Portley (Dublin / London)
Management Consultant focused on talent and organisation performance at the crossroads of the Future of Work,
Linkedin
Christo (Amsterdam (Nomad))
Venture Catalyst & Ecosystem Builder — Christo is an entrepreneur at heart and strategist by trade, striving to blur the lines between business, culture, and technology to create high-impact ventures. He currently rotates between Europe, Asia, and the US.
Slack: Christo.thekkel@gmail.com , Linkedin
Can help with: Entrepreneurship, (Venture) Strategy, Impact Investing, Storytelling, Brainstorming, Contemporary China,
Liesbeth Van den Berg (Amsterdam)
Researcher, gamer, adventurer, amateur designer, realist.
Slack: Liesbeth , Linkedin
Can help with: Health care, medical imaging, (serious) games, usability testing, YouTube/meme fun facts, ice skating, healthy skepticism.
Udit Vira (Toronto)
I’m Udit, from Toronto/Montreal/New Delhi. My background is in engineering and I’m interested in wireless mesh networks, tools for creativity, and thinking about the ethics of new technologies. While I’m not tinkering I enjoy podcasts, conversations, and
Slack: Udit
Can help with: Technology research and strategy, electrical engineering, strategic foresight
Leah Bae (Vancouver)
Digital Strategist. Political Organizer. Community Builder.
Slack: Leahebae , Linkedin
Can help with: Political campaigns, community organizing,
Laura Cincera (Dublin)
Curious mind, creativity coach, yoga teacher
Slack: @laura.cincera , Linkedin
Can help with: I will listen - deeply, open to explore anything you want to share.
Jessica Svenningson (Toronto)
Curator, artist, dancer, raver, gluten-free baker, lover of bicycles and world traveler - I've dedicated my life to supporting emerging local artists, sharing the benefits of art and immaterial wealth with the world, and ruffling the feathers of artistic
Linkedin
Gina Uppal (Toronto)
Gina Uppal here! Lover of yoga, fish tacos, live music, and slow spiritual Sundays. Toronto is home, but I've spent time in DC, London (Ontario), and just got back from a transformative escape in Rio. I'm active in the tech/innovative ecosystem in Toronto
Slack: Guppal , Linkedin
Can help with: Tech-sector partnerships, government relations, grant writing, yoga/meditation buddies, finding the best taco in Toronto
Ben Butler (Dublin)
Graduating with first class honours in Law and Business from Trinity College Dublin, Ben joined Stripe as one of the early employees in the Dublin office. A Trinity Business Student of the Year and National Student Entrepreneur Winner, Ben founded Keep A
Linkedin
Can help with: Startups, marketing, tech, behavioral economics, public speaking, comedy
Jack Kavanagh (Ireland)
Inspired Speaker, Pharmacist, Mindset Enthusiast
Slack: JKav , Linkedin
Can help with: Mindset, Resilience, Health, Pharmaceutical, Speaking, Presenting
Valdis Silins (Toronto)
I'm a social futurist interested how we make sense of and model change. I come from a background in film and philosophy, which helps me combine design, strategy, and theory. I consult during the day and moonlight in speculative and investigative futures a
Slack: Vsilins , Linkedin
Can help with: Foresight, speculation/fabulation, strategic design, cross-pollination
Ayah Norris (Toronto)
I’m Ayah Norris, a Holistic Healer and Yoga + Meditation Teacher from Toronto. I made the leap from my sales + marketing career to this path of the heart, and love all things body-mind-spirit, intuition, deep chats, dance parties, and serendipity… and am
Linkedin
Can help with: Healing, meditation, yoga, intuition, energy, building a wellness/spiritual-oriented business, making the leap from corporate to creative :)
Erika Söderholm (NYC)
Hi, I’m Erika! I design products, environments and communications. I love to move, especially on skis. Apart from that you’ll find me with friends – cooking, exploring and creating. Excited to meet you all!
Slack: Esod , Linkedin
Can help with: Design, brainstorm,
Cidália Abreu (Porto)
Hi! I'm Cidália, a simple girl who was born in a village and cares about ??nature and people. I'm a graphic designer, passionate about handcraft and i have my own company with 2 friends. I am happy and I like to see happy people around me!
Slack: U8QBY093Q
Can help with: Something creative
Guillemette Dejean (Lisbon, Portugal)
Originally from France, I’ve explored the world at large. Then one day I set foot Portugal and that was it – love at first sight would be an understatement! My background is in Social Work and Entrepreneurship, and I now work for an amazing Social Enterpr
Slack: @Guillemette , Linkedin
Can help with: Entrepreneurship mentoring, fundraising, community building, language learning, marathon training
Elliot Rosenberg (Nomad)
My life mission is to use businesses against poverty. Along the way I've started a travel business in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro, backpacked to 17 countries over 15 months, and now work for a social enterprise tech startup in Mumbai. What brings me joy
Linkedin
Can help with: Travel recommendations, travel hacking, social enterprise, Portuguese language, crowdfunding, microfinance, inclusive finance
Sara Ramos (Porto)
I’m passionate about learning and about bringing out the best in people. These passions combined with my restlessness with the status quo, have led me to question what are the alternatives to the way we live our lives, work and relate to others. Currentl
Slack: Saranramos , Linkedin
Can help with: Design Thinking, Innovation, Learning Design, Facilitation
Sasha Silberberg (San Francisco)
Matchmaker, Community Builder, & Jazz Singer
Linkedin
Can help with: Dating, connecting, entrepreneurship
João Monteiro (Porto)
My name is João Monteiro, I’m a civil engineer and I’m amazed by this world. From my early life I’ve been eager in finding new ways to tackle my curiosity, mainly by travelling, music, arts, common knowledge and gastronomy. Entering the sandbox I hope to
Slack: Jpnmonteiro , Linkedin
Can help with: Construction, Civil Engineering, China, Portugal, gastronomy
Quratul-Ann Malik (Washington, DC)
I am the CEO and Co-founder of an organization called herDomain which is dedicated to economic empowerment for low/middle income women in the developing world through tech training, job placement and mentorship. Previously I worked at the White House Nati
Slack: @quratul-ann malik , Linkedin
Can help with: Tech training, thinking through ideas, outreach/sales advice, yoga and more
Jane Hall (San Francisco)
I’m jane (also known as jpeg) and I’m an enthusiast of color (especially royal blue), outer space, modern art and travel (especially in Asia). During the work week I do creative strategy at Google and with the rest of my hours I try to keep a hundred side
Linkedin
Can help with: Brand marketing, creative production, event/experiential design, travel related to modern art (marfa, naoshima, etc), Obama-era political organizing, anything related to color/color-theory!
Mariliis Holm (SF)
Food & sensory scientist from Estonia creating algae-based foods as a co-founder of Nonfood. Highly passionate about scent, emotions and neuroscience. Cannot get enough of chocolate, board games, travelling and spending time out in nature.
Linkedin
Can help with: Research, product development, food science, teamwork, motivation letters
Carl Pierre (DC)
Connector, enthusiastic creative collaborator, and unabashed comic book nerd. Director of Eaton House, a new shared workspace for progressive thinkers located in downtown DC.
Linkedin
Can help with: Event space, introductions to networks in DC, work space
Kurt Spindler (San Francisco)
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Triathlete, occasional blogger
Slack: Kurt , Linkedin
Can help with: Book recommendations, Engineering advice, operations, athletic training, fundraising, writing,
André Malan (San Francisco)
My name is André, I’ve come to San Francisco via Cape Town, Pretoria, Accra, Vancouver and New York City. I’m a rock climber and programmer, with a passion for learning and skill development.
Slack: Andremalan , Linkedin
Can help with: Programming, travel, minimalism, skill acquisition, course design
Ekaterina Dovjenko (San Francisco)
I’m Ekaterina (but you’re welcome to call me Kat!). I’m an architect, writer and explorer. I love to build and design spaces — built infrastructure to inspire and challenge others. Current interests: really cold water, tiny cabins and biophilia.
Slack: @katdov , Linkedin
Can help with: Architecture, 3D Models, design, meditation, cold water therapy, yoga, drawing, painting, writing
Danny Cabrera (SF)
I am and I like to play at the intersection of biology, design and tech. I believe that life is a powerful medium for building amazing things that have the power to bring humans together and help us live longer, more fulfilling lives.
Linkedin
Can help with: Entrepreneurship, management, strategy, biotech, design, fundraising, project management
Chantel Bennett (Washington, DC)
I have always loved and have a passion for various arts and sciences. I regularly practice acro yoga and thai massage, I know my way around the dance floor, and I'm currently building my career in LGBT HIV/AIDS research. I'm truly a mover, shaker, and cha
Slack: Racqthebelle , Linkedin
Can help with: Acro yoga, thai massage, movement meditation, stationary meditation, art and crafts (crochet, water color, and more), scientific research
Nadine Habayeb (Boston)
Free spirit snacker living in Boston bringing food to life launching my snack brand, Bohana. I love people, adventure, food and all around good vibes, and I try to make the world feel a little smaller.
Slack: Nadinehabayeb , Linkedin
Can help with: Business, cooking/recipes, travel buddy, event planning, hosting.
Anjali Daryanani (Washington DC)
I’m a social entrepreneur currently triangulating between Washington DC, Hong Kong and Hyderabad, combining documentary filmmaking and community outreach to generate positive impact. I spent the past three years co-directing an orphanage in Hyderabad, Ind
Linkedin
Can help with: Community building, video projects, design projects
Ryan Steinbach (Washington DC)
Hi, I'm Ryan! I live in Washington DC with my partner Po and our dog Nyah. I feel the happiest while in motion, most engaged in deep conversations, most alive while traveling. I'm a high school social innovation(!) and math teacher by day and a social en
Linkedin
Can help with: Career development, resume and cover letter, networking, personal branding online, exercise plans (running & basic strength training), proof reading, audio mixing and editing, math tutoring
Katherine Tan (Washington DC)
International economic development; helping catalyze private sector growth in emerging markets and facilitating public-private partnerships. Artist and food lover.
Slack: Katherineytan , Linkedin
Can help with: Investing and starting businesses in developing countries, travel tips, brainstorming career steps
Aida Murad (DC)
I am an Arab/American social entrepreneur, international artist, motivational speaker, organizer of the One Journey Festival and local food critic. Most importantly I am a life-long learner, thinker and aim to live a meaningful and impactful life. Learn
Slack: Aidamurad , Linkedin
Can help with: Art, public speaking, communications, squarspace design, creative events design, partnerships, enterprise development and laughing more often
Patrick Haede (Boston)
Online Entrepreneur with a background in Law and Computer Science. Passionate about bouldering, rock climbing, psychology and design.
Slack: Patrickhaede@me.com , Linkedin
Can help with: Legalnetwork,legaltech,coding,userinterfacedesign,stanford,mit,startups
Michelle (Nomad)
Creative entrepreneur and ladyboss @ In-House Int'l. Venezuelan living in Austin, TX. Curious person, scratcher of itches and victim of Internet rabbit holes. Embarrassed by bios.
Slack: @michubenaim , Linkedin
Can help with: Creative strategy, branding, design, storytelling, entrepreneurship, small business management, building remote teams
Nic Spaull (Cape Town)
Aspiring South African education guru. Part academic part get-shit-done. PhD Econ. On the lookout for a husband ;) Currently working on a multimedia course to teach Grade 1-3 teachers how to teach reading in African languages.
Slack: Nicspaull , Linkedin
Can help with: Education and South Africa related stuff. Life-coaching if I like you :)
Raphael Szmir (Brussels / Nomad Hubs)
Co-Founder Adsimpact.org / Founder AnneesSabbatiques.com / Social Entrepreneurship / Digital Marketing / Location Independence / Productivity / Yoga / Dancing / Meditation / Surfing / Drumming
Slack: Raphael_szmir , Linkedin
Can help with: Social Entrepreneurship / Digital Marketing / Location Independence / Nomadism / Productivity / Building projects from scratch
Matthew McCorkle (NYC)
Sound Designer
Linkedin
Marc Gasser (Zurich)
Tech Entrepreneur, E-Commerce Enthusiast, Adventurer
Linkedin
Can help with: E-commerce, software engineering, e-business, software development, marketing automation, personalization, digital transformation
Chris O'Connor (Dublin)
Corporate lawyer, sports lawyer, event management and music enthusiast.
Linkedin
Can help with: Corporate law, company law, sports law, event management
Jan Scheele (Amsterdam)
Social entrepreneur, TEDx organiser, startup founder, crypto-investor.
Linkedin
Tiffany J. Ng (Copenhagen)
Entrepreneur in F&B and food tech
Linkedin
Sarah Peck (New York)
Executive Director of Startup Pregnant
Slack: @sarahkpeck , Linkedin
Yin Lei (Brussels)
Creative do'er becoming better at being creative and doing stuff
Roger Gichuhi (Nairobi)
Digital Enthusiast
Linkedin
Uri Bram (Nomad)
Writer
Linkedin
Emma France (Paris)
Facilitator/Connector
Linkedin
Julia Binder (Sandbox Léman)
Researcher with an entrepreneurial mind
Linkedin
Magda El Sadek (Léman)
Dreamer but doer, sometimes stubborn but always open-minded, loving life!
Linkedin
Aleksandra Mandic (Sandbox Leman)
Life scientist, painter, organiser, overly motivated and positive
Linkedin
Beatrice Scarioni (Leman)
Entrepreneur, Innovator, Mountain enthusiast
Vera Glukhenkaya (Léman)
Curious, Insatiable hoping to preserve childhood dreams for years to come
Linkedin
Galyna Pidpruzhnykova (Berlin)
Full of energy, neuroscientist, dancer
Slack: @galy , Linkedin
Can help with: Neuroscience, Biology, RnD Strategy in Pharma/Medtech, Career Development in Life Sciences, Salsa, travel to Ukraine
Brandon Kaufer (Los Angeles)
Ambassador
Linkedin
Tia Kansara (London)
Tia is an award-winning entrepreneur. She is co-founder of Kansara Hackney Ltd - the first ISO-certified sustainable lifestyle consultancy, for which she is the youngest awardee of the RIBA honorary fellowship. She's the director of Replenish Earth Ltd, a
Slack: Tiakansara , Linkedin
Can help with: Economics, Sustainability, Environmental Science, Urban Planning, Architecture
Amanda Efthimiou (Berlin)
Arts and technology enthusiast. Brazilian and Greek, born in New York, living in Berlin. Works at the desktop 3D printing startup Formlabs, currently leading growth of it's jewelry vertical globally. Passionate about dance, travel, languages (speaks 5), a
Slack: @amaiou , Linkedin
Manuel (Brussels)
Civil servant
Toha De Brant (Brussels)
Creative
Linkedin
Carlo Angeles (Nomad)
Entrepeneur
Linkedin
Evelina Romano (Paris)
Creative
Linkedin
Pierre Tâm-Anh LE KHAC (Paris)
I'm a French-Vietnamese enthusiastic Growth and Content Manager for QuizFlip, the education technology company behind the world's first electronic flashcard. As a postcolonial activist, I co-founded Noise la Ville, a cultural non-profit that aims at build
Slack: @pierre.tamanh , Linkedin
Can help with: Community Building, Content, Project Management.
Ali Ahmed (London)
Entrepreneur
Gustav Borgefalk (London)
PhD student
Sunnie Groeneveld (Zurich)
Linkedin
Arash Tadayon (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Julien Weissenberg (Zurich)
AI Expert (PhD) and Entrepreneur. I do advisory in Computer Vision and AI (www.visualsen.se) and am co-founder of Free Walk Switzerland (www.freewalk.ch - largest tour organization in Switzerland). Interested in how people think and what it means for crea
Slack: Julien , Linkedin
Can help with: AI, Startups, Tourism, Creativity, Ice-cream
Sasha Valle (Amsterdam, Nomad)
Human. Former tech operations-swiss-army-knife, currently on sabbatical figuring out the next chapter. Love cooking for friends, learning, making playlists, massages, spontaneous adventures, board games, thought-provoking questions, hanging out with my gr
Slack: @sash , Linkedin
Can help with: Startups, operations strategy, outsourcing strategy, performance management, project management, time management, #allthemanagement, productivity "hacks," writing/editing, epic recipes, bouncing ideas, ikigais
Rebecca Sweetman (London)
Londoner with a passion for helping others to achieve their goals. I run operations in high growth, social mission driven, startups; first working with other Sandboxers at Kano and more recently at Babylon Health. I love being outdoors, particularly horse
Slack: @becca , Linkedin
Can help with: Startups, Operations, Executive Coaching, Managing energy levels
Elwin Stevelink (Berlin)
Entrepreneur & Marketing Strategist
Linkedin
Cristian Santibanez (Paris)
Cristian Santibanez is an entrepreneur and urban innovation expert. He has consulted for international clients over 3 continents, and has worked in urban innovation research and experimentation for the New Cities Foundation. He co-founded Autonomy, the ur
Linkedin
Michal Monit (Nomad)
Living, breathing ideas
Linkedin
Gemma Milne (London)
Freelance Tech and Science Writer & Podcaster. Co-Founder of Science: Disrupt. Learning to fly.
Slack: Gkmilne1 , Linkedin
Can help with: Podcasting, connections, writing, events, tech, science, academia, research, startups
Audrey Low (Singapore)
Trainer and Business developer
Yvonne Leow (San Francisco)
My name is Yvonne. I’m a proud Californian in constant pursuit of truth, limits, and stories. I'd love to listen to yours. My current side hustles include: managing Hotel Corona Heights and writing audio plays.
Slack: Yvonneleow , Linkedin
Can help with: Media, journalism, mountain climbing
Milena Glimbovski (Berlin)
Entrepreneur, founded a publishing house and started a packagefree supermarket revolution worlwide
Slack: Milenaglimbovski , Linkedin
Can help with: Publishing books, opening up shops, having an ear
Sean Gill (Dublin)
Behavioural Scientist
Linkedin
Can help with: Behavioural Economics, Decision Making, User Research, Psychology, Pricing, Product Design, Strategy
Graham Garvie (London)
Consultant, Entrepreneur, Host, Burner, Dreamer!
Slack: @grahamgarvie , Linkedin
Can help with: Branding, innovation, community building, storytelling, dinner parties, strategy, london
Dani Fernández Castro (Paris)
Product Manager working in the field of AI voice assistants. Music, tech and history geek. Always a smile on.
Linkedin
Can help with: Product Management, Business Conceptualization, Ecommerce, Voice Assistants, free History classes :)
Benjamin Bolland (Berlin)
Fullstack product manager @ project-a.com in Berlin. I'm helping companies to build, grow and enable their product teams. I love learning new skills around tech, music, creativity, human psychology.
Slack: Benjaminbolland , Linkedin
Can help with: Photography, Python, product management, Germany, web development, programming, design thinking, yoga, bikes
Eoin Bara (Dublin)
Distiller of Gin, Entrepreneur.
Linkedin
Can help with: Creative brands, design, manufacturing, logistics, operations,
Virginia Alonso Navarro (Nomad)
Virginia is an illustrator, an engineer, a curious mind, and an adventurer. Coming from peace tech sector in the Middle East and Africa, now moving into visual storytelling & creative self-expression to increase awareness and empathy to one another.
Slack: @virginia , Linkedin
Can help with: Art, illustration, travel, spain, cryptocurrencies, blockchain, international development, tech for development, conflict resolution, startup creation, barcelona, madrid, village living, london, storywriting, chamanism, singing, singing bowls, songwriting
Nicolas Alcala (Los Angeles)
Instead of finishing my degree, I led a team of 200 people in the making of The Cosmonaut, a transmedia experience where we created a whole story universe about the space race. After going to the Moon and back, I founded my second company: Future Lightho
Linkedin
Can help with: Storytelling, food
Joseph Akwasi (Nomad)
Entrepreneur, Creative, Filmmaker
Linkedin
Can help with: Creative writing, Image videos, Filming, Videography
Mario Mouraz (Lisbon)
Entrepreneur
Slack: Mariomouraz , Linkedin
Can help with: Small retreats organization, climbing preparation, B2B sales, startup creation step by step, listening
Kaleigh Tirone Nunes (Lisbon)
Entrepreneur, fashion designer & architect
Linkedin
Michal (Prague)
Ken Chua (Singapore/Asia)
Inclusive Designer, Social Innovation Technologist, Social Impact Entrepreneur
Linkedin
Can help with: Design (design thinking, ui/ux, product, inclusive), Social impact strategy, impact assessment, Social Innovation, Engineering advice (robotics, electronics, material science)
Phillip Nelson (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Antoine Smets (Brussels)
Alix Prappas (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Joana Casaca Lemos (Lisbon / London)
Linkedin
Sam (Boston)
Cady Voge (London)
Carolina Granado Pinto (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Victoria (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Benjamin Tirone Nunes (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Nour Tohme (Nomad)
Illustrator, Designer
Linkedin
Songya Kesler (Nomad + Berlin)
Leadership Consultant & Coach. People Architect. Bridge between the Head and the Body.
Slack: @songya , Linkedin
Can help with: Leadership, self-awareness, emotional intelligence, high-performing teams, mindfulness, coaching, facilitation
Karim (Nomad)
Karim Iliya is a professional drone pilot, underwater photographer, film maker, and whale swimming guide based in Hawaii and Colorado. Karim spends half the year traveling the globe with a focus on photographing / filming wildlife and marine environments
Linkedin
Can help with: Photography, film, drone,
Jameson (Nomad)
Werner Hoffmann (Nomad / Berlin)
Productmanager @ Taxfix - the tax app
Linkedin
Therkelsen (San Francisco)
Kræn Hansen (Copenhagen)
Software engineer with twist of open source enthusiasm
Slack: Kraenhansen , Linkedin
Can help with: Software, technical validation, listening
Naseri (Copenhagen)
Elmertoft (Copenhagen)
Von Abling (Copenhagen)
Gamal ElDin (Cairo)
Farida (Cairo)
Natalie (Cairo)
Emily (Chicago)
Audrey Low (Singapore)
Ha Duong (Berlin)
Investment Manager at Project A Ventures & excited about nerdy DeepTech stuff (think ML, infrastructure, dev tools, blockchain, all things data). I grew up in Dresden and spent some time in my life in Karlsruhe, Melbourne, London, New York, and Hanoi. I l
Slack: Haduong , Linkedin
Can help with: Couchsurfing in Berlin, encouragement, high-fives, feedback on pitch decks for fundraising, thoughts on blockchain & cryptocurrencies, network
Mike Greenberg (Philadelphia and NYC)
Film and TV Producer focused on commercials, action sports, and lifestyle.
Slack: Mikegreenberg , Linkedin
Can help with: Filmmaking, tv, scripts, production, photography, design, motion graphics, video
Leticia Gasca (Buenos Aires / Mexico)
Leticia Gasca is co-founder of the movement Fuckup Nights and director of the Failure Institute. Author of the book Survivig Failure
Linkedin
Can help with: Resilience, learning from failure, having fun
Allen Gannett (DC)
Entrepreneur, investor, and author. CEO of TrackMaven. Co-founder of Acceleprise Ventures. Author of "The Creative Curve"
Linkedin
Scott Henry (Vancouver)
Data Analytics & Innovation Policy, World Bank
Slack: @scott , Linkedin
Audrey Richard-Laurent (Paris, SF, Nomad)
Creative entrepreneur
Slack: Audrey RL , Linkedin
Can help with: Anything creative
Arthur Stril (Paris)
I thrive at the frontier between healthcare and technology (both biotechnology and digital). I'm currently VP Corporate Development at Cellectis, a leading gene editing and immuno-oncology biotech. Prior to Cellectis I started a digital health company at
Linkedin
Can help with: Healthcare, Pharma, Biotech, Public Policy
Raven Pernille (Copenhagen, London)
I always mix business and friendship. And here we are, winning.
Slack: @ravenism , Linkedin
Can help with: Content, Branding, Copy, Marketing, Management
Mary Lemmer (San Francisco / Nomad)
Entrepreneur, Comedian, Improviser, Philanthropist, Gelato and Food Connoisseur
Linkedin
Can help with: Improv trainings, comedy, general entrepreneurship help (strategy, storytelling, hiring, etc)
Cesar Torres (New York)
Designer and entrepreneur based in New York City.
Linkedin
Charu Sharma (San Francisco)
Charu is the founder and CEO of NextPlay.ai, an enterprise software that helps companies grow and mentor their employees at scale. Previously she wrote three books and made a documentary film to educate one million women globally on entrepreneurship. Char
Slack: Charu1603@gmail.com/charusharma , Linkedin
Can help with: Entrepreneurship, accelerators, social impact, mentorship, enterprise sales
César Salazar (Mexico City)
Linkedin
Jonas Von der Heyden (Berlin)
Currently studying computer science
Slack: @jvdh , Linkedin
Can help with: Online marketing, programming,computer science, web development, data analysis
Joana Croft (Porto)
Creative girl founder of the cardboard and paper crafts studio Oupas! design. Joana is interested in several creative areas like illustration, animation and graphic design. Loves to cycle, dogs and cats in the same amount, play the ukulele and learn all s
Slack: Joanacroft
Can help with: Event design, art direction, set design, illustration, graphic design, hugs
Francisco RA (Porto)
Over 5 years of experience in marketing, business development & management within Traditional and Technological industries, and involved in all different aspects of the companies that I’ve worked for.
Slack: Francisco.ra , Linkedin
Can help with: Marketing, VR, Wine, Beer
Henrique Cruz (Porto)
Product @Veniam, helping accelerate the future of urban mobility. Portuguese. Curious avid-reader.
Slack: @henriquecruz , Linkedin
Can help with: Product Management, SaaS, Mid-stage startups, Automotive Industry
Nuno Carneiro (Porto)
Data Scientist
Linkedin
Liliana Castro (Porto Hub)
Linkedin
Vitor Monteiro (Porto)
Pedro Azeredo Paixão (Porto)
Entrepreneur, Software Engineer, Musician
Slack: Ppaixao , Linkedin
Can help with: Entrepreneurship mentoring, general software development
Filipe José Carvalho de Oliveira (Porto)
Social Entrepreneur, Creative, Marketer
Slack: Filipejcoliveira , Linkedin
Can help with: Social Innovation, Personal Development
Ben Sahlmüller (Berlin)
Scientist connecting mathematics and psychology in order to see how we can lead change in our organizations and societies. Passionate about leadership, complexity, new technologies, and music. Double bass player.
Slack: @ben , Linkedin
Can help with: Scientific thinking, leadership, facilitation, classical music
Lydia Flynn (Dublin)
Jo Elizabeth (DC)
Varun Kapur (Dubai)
Diogo Silva (Lisboa)
Linkedin
Tatjana (Zurich)
David Berkal (Toronto)
Entrepreneur
Linkedin
Yasser Elshair (Phoenix)
Jazear Brooks (SF)
Chris Rooney (Dublin)
Rebecca Kilbane (Dublin)
Barry Ronayne (Dublin)
Kim Pham (Dublin)
Ben English (Dublin)
Justin Hefter (Nomad)
Grace Gould (London)
Sarah Hillware (Nomad)
Anton Chernikov (London)
Liz Cormack (Boston)
I'm a product designer, organizer and explorer. Currently leading UX for connected devices that grow food in your home. I explore the world through people, food and the outdoors.
Slack: Lizco , Linkedin
Can help with: UX Design, UI Design, Product Design, Strategy, Startups, Customer Discovery, User Research, Indoor Ag, Indoor Growing, Food Tech, IoT, Brand Strategy
Stephen Gershman (Boston)
Daniella Segal (Nomad)
Investor and creative thinker. Versatile experience in investing, business development, delivering products and growth. Passionate about technology-driven teams who are tackling challenges facing humanity.
Linkedin
Can help with: Investing, innovation, startups, Silicon Valley, Tel Aviv, Product, Design Thinking, Growth, Business Development
Ethan Spaner (Nomad)
Johannes Hübner (Zurich)
Polina Ruseva (Zurich)
Charles Nespoulous (Nomad)
Lucija Matic (Nomad)
Sandeep Raghunathan (India)
Zaina Kanaan (Dubai)
Sarah Seegal (San Francisco, New York)
Sarah has a background in healthcare economics and worked in various mental health care settings (jails, foster homes, academic centers) before becoming the first employee for Breakthrough (BH telemedicine), scaling OneMedical (modern primary care) and di
Can help with: Health insurance, therapy, san franciso
Caterina Romanelli (Nomad)
Stephanie Pfeiffer (Nomad)
Gwen (Yi)
Leo Ferreira (Nomad)
Nadav Lobel (US)
Marie Chaussade (US)
Shira Foy (Swiss)
Ellen Antoni (US)
Shira Levlev (Zurich)
Isaac Guerrero (US)
Layla Yarjani (London)
Irwin Adam (Toronto)
Julie Markham (Nomad // Boulder, CO)
Entrepreneur // Adventurer // Wanna be comedian
Slack: @juliemarkham_boulder , Linkedin
Can help with: Pitch decks, goal setting, and planing epic adventures around the world
Jess Erickson (US)
Charles (Nomad)
Nomad philomath studying the convergence of art, science and multisensory aesthetics. Based at Oxford University between 2013 and 2016, he published over a dozen papers in scientific journals on crossmodal perception.  Works as an experience designer in
Linkedin
Can help with: Food, Community, Immersive experience, Event production
Alexandros Pagidas (Not sure)
Delane Foo (Singapore)
Linkedin
Agrim Singh (Singapore)
Linkedin
Esther Wang (Singapore)
Linkedin
Daylon Soh (Singapore)
My work experience lies at the intersection between digital marketing, digital product design and digital product management with venture-backed startups and organisations like Aviva & Unilever. Co-organiser of CreativeMornings / Singapore & a Non-Fiction
Slack: Daylonsoh , Linkedin
Can help with: Digital Ventures & Innovation: Product, Growth & Design
Hendric Tay (Singapore)
Linkedin
Jia Chuan Kwok (Singapore)
Linkedin
Li Ya Ng (Singapore)
Linkedin
Audrey Low (Singapore)
Shuo Yan Tan (Singapore)
Linkedin
Pablo Restrepo (Bogota)
Linkedin
Andri Silberschmidt (Zürich)
Politician selling Poké Bowls and managing an Equity Fund.
Linkedin
Can help with: Zurich, Switzerland, Politics, Finance, Food, Restaurant, Start-Up, Liberalism
Luca Randazzo (Switzerland, Leman (Lausanne and Geneva))
Christoph Brenner (Zurich)
Linkedin
Siobhan Rockcastle (Léman)
Linkedin
Clément Javerzac-Galy (Léman)
Kevin Miller (DC)
Kevin F. Adler (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Brian McCollow (DC)
Linkedin
Kim (Dublin)
Made of the Internet. VC x community x platform. Vietnamese New Yorker. Last in London.
Slack: @kim , Linkedin
Ceraun Loggins (DC)
An Artist, Dreamer, and Divanun. See more of my work at www.divanunarchives.com
Can help with: Photography, film, writing, editing,
Colin Marshall (DC)
Video storyteller, cooking enthusiast, rock climbing
Slack: Cmarshall , Linkedin
Can help with: Appealing stories to journalistic entities for media coverage, Visual messaging, a place to stay in DC
Luke Harris-Gallahue (Hubless)
Linkedin
Julius Bachmann (Berlin)
Musician (guitarist, writer, band manager) at The Candidates (Alternative Rock - thecandidat.es). Venture Capital investor into European B2B software companies at Redstone (redstone.vc) - focus on financial services and real estate / construction industri
Slack: Jmbachmann , Linkedin
Can help with: Venture capital, music, fundraising
Simon Engelke (London)
Linkedin
Christian Wallin (Berlin)
Linkedin
Gillian Rhodes (Nomad)
Dancer, Choreographer, Storyteller.
Slack: @gillian , Linkedin
Nicole McLaren (New York)
Linkedin
Vandana Snyder (New York)
Matthew Short (London)
Saskia Sefranek (Berlin)
Linkedin
Amina Samy (Dubai)
Manuela Verduci (Berlin)
Ryan Aldrin (Dubai)
Linkedin
Daniel Araújo (Lisbon)
CEO @ Attentive.us
Linkedin
Victoria Stoyanova (London)
Abby (London)
Farmer, physicist & polymath, creating simple digital tools to support smaller-scale and ecological farming, plus making natural wine
Linkedin
Can help with: Farming, sustainable food systems, physics, food, natural wine, healthy soils
Serena Guen (London)
Linkedin
Lisa Wong (London)
Linkedin
Daniel OSPINA (London)
Jan (London)
Linkedin
Ben Vishny (San Francisco)
Software Engineer @ Fin.com, Based in San Francisco
Slack: Vishny , Linkedin
Charlotte Terrien (Paris)
Experience designer by training and community builder at heart, I strive to have positive impact by curating memorable experiences that help people grow on a personal and collective level.
Slack: @chaterrien , Linkedin
Can help with: Service design, design thinking, human-centered research, creative gatherings, global summit.
Hoda Eydgahi (SF)
Nadia Mufti (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Carlos Andrés Basto Mendoza (Bogotá)
Linkedin
Isaac Castro (Bogotá)
Linkedin
Andreas Elmertoft (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Eileen Guo (NYC)
Danielle O.P. (Bogota)
Linkedin
Michele Cantos (NYC)
Program Manager (Philanthropy), Master in International Relations,
Linkedin
Matthew Spector (Boston)
Writer and Researcher
Slack: Matt , Linkedin
Allison McGuire (NYC)
Linkedin
Amanda Gutterman (NYC)
Linkedin
Jocelyn Ling Malan (SF)
Connecter & Strategist. Exploring the world of design thinking, investing and social impact.
Linkedin
Can help with: Design thinking, social impact, impact investing, early stage investing, emerging markets
Lynn (NYC)
Pippa Biddle (New York)
Pippa Biddle is a New York-based writer. Her work has been published by Guernica, The Atlantic, Wired, BBC Travel, Refinery29, Nylon, GirlBoss, and more. She has been featured in numerous online and print media outlets including The New York Times, The In
Linkedin
Can help with: Writing, speaking, blogging
Alessandra Sollberger (NYC)
Linkedin
Kevin Gong (NYC)
Linkedin
Alexi Surtees (NYC)
Linkedin
Tiffany Yu (SF)
Social Entrepreneur, Disability Inclusion Advocate, VC Advisor
Slack: @imtiffanyyu , Linkedin
Diana Enriquez (NYC)
Diana Enriquez is a Ph.D. student in Princeton's Sociology department. She received her B.A. in Political Science from Yale University in 2013, where her thesis considered different tools Colombian cartels used to influence political campaigns between 197
Slack: @denrsch , Linkedin
Can help with: Network/Business analysis, statistics/modeling, translating research into talks for a wider audience
Mac-Jordan Degadjor (Hubless)
Linkedin
Joao Vasques (Nomad)
Filipa Pires de Almeida (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Victor R. de la Rosa (Brussels)
Cristina Fonseca (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Tiago André Almeida Costa e Silva Ferreira (Porto)
Entrepreneur on the Impact Economy
Linkedin
Can help with: Social Innovation, Regional Development, Entrepreneurship
Salvador Burnay Barros (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Charlotte Nørlund-Matthiessen (Brussels)
Pierre-Alexandre Klein (Brussels)
Ecosystem architect, collaboration maker, futurologist
Slack: @pa_klein , Linkedin
Anthony Pak (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Brittany Whitmore (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Matt (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Lars King (Nomad)
Entrepreneur, marketer, nomad, part of impact driven communities - spent time working and learning at MassChallenge (world's largest startup accelerator), Summit, CTR (Conscious Thought Revolution), and always open to helping people in their projects and
Slack: Lars.king , Linkedin
Can help with: Meeting the right people, strategy, marketing, biz dev, vision, intuition, transitioning to remote work, coaching, etc
Michael Maier (Los Angeles?)
Linkedin
Elaine Truong (Los Angeles)
Linkedin
Clara Wetzel (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Maya Goren Bar (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Agam Rafaeli (Tel Aviv)
People connector, do-er
Linkedin
Can help with: Finding people that they need
Yacine Ghalim (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Jonathan Levi (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Maxim Kogan (Tel Aviv)
Michal Bloch (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Ron Reiter (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Kevin Hekmat (Los Angeles)
Linkedin
Andrei Lyskov (Los Angeles)
Linkedin
Ashley Crowder (LA)
Linkedin
Joey (Los Angeles)
Linkedin
Denise Hewett (Los Angeles)
Linkedin
Boaz Melnik (Tel-Aviv)
Adi Shemesh (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Olaf Sakkers (Israel)
Jishai Evers (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Olga (Boston)
Tech entrepreneur
Slack: Olga , Linkedin
Can help with: Tech, startups, FinTech, data analysis,
Christina Høgh Selmer Kirk (Copenhagan)
Linkedin
Adrian Young-San Roessler (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Hind Bensari (Copenhagen)
Documentary filmmaker
Can help with: Recommendations, anything related to film, storytelling or video production
Nicolas Arroyo (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Theodor Lundberg (Copenhagen / London)
Theodor Lundberg, who is currently pursuing a PhD in Quantum Physics at the University of Cambridge, is driven to solve pressing problems by intersecting deep tech and entrepreneurship. He has a background from top academic labs at Harvard and UC Berkeley
Slack: Theo.lundberg , Linkedin
Can help with: Validation of ideas, Connections in Scandinavia, Connections in Cambridge UK, Community building, Back-of-the-envelope calculations, Applications to graduate school
Rune Toldam (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Neagheen Homaifar (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Jesse Novotny (Phoenix)
Outdoor enthusiast, rock climber, environmental advocate, technologist cynical yet hopeful
Slack: @jessenovotny , Linkedin
Can help with: Web development, life insights, new zealand travel
Christian Busch (London)
Linkedin
Steijn Pelle (San Francisco)
Founder turned product manager focused on growth. Avid runner. If you see a blur whiz past you on the trails around Stanford, that’s me.
Linkedin
Can help with: Product, Growth, Startups, Running, learning the Dutch language!
Paula (Cutuli)
Social Media Strategic passionate about technology , she founded Soulnet and organise Social Media Week Mexico. Star Wars fan, enjoys, geek traveller and loves good food specially japanese and italian. Journalist and businesswoman, she writes for Entrepre
Slack: @pau , Linkedin
Can help with: Social media, marketing, pr, latam, blogging, community manangement, social listening, hosting in mexico city, buenos aires,
Britt Wray (Toronto)
Linkedin
Christoffer Caesar (Stockholm)
Linkedin
Emily Chong (New York)
Linkedin
Gabriela Rosas (Mexico)
Daniel Ruiz Colorado (México)
Linkedin
Benjamin J Riddle (Hubless)
Linkedin
Kate Loose (Hubless)
Linkedin
Michael Raykher (DC Hub)
Enoch Elwell (Chattanooga)
Linkedin
Gunel (Philadelphia)
Linkedin
Greg Rudolph (Phoenix)
Board Blazers, business, and baseball.
Linkedin
Ian McCafferty (Brussels)
Linkedin
Lusine Mehrabyan (London)
Lusine is a biologist turned economist turned artist and founder of Serendipity Project with the mission to bring economics storytelling to the public.
Linkedin
Can help with: Storytelling, entrepreneurship, economics and policy
Hassan Bhatti (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Jenny Prosser (London)
Linkedin
Ana Karen Ramirez (Mexico)
Linkedin
Thomas Baron Vielhauer von Hohenhau (Zurich)
Anton Zolotov (DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA)
Linkedin
Dhruva Rajendra (Washington, DC)
Halim Madi (Ile-de-France)
Hugo Volz Oliveira (Porto)
Forever studying. Living the extra hour. Ocean rider. Light junkie.
Slack: Hugovolzoliveira , Linkedin
Can help with: Business strategy, Startup life, Ocean sports, Portugal, Debating training, Global supply-chains, The Decentralized revolution
Rodrigo Martinez (SF/Mexico)
Rina (Philadelphia)
Justin Brown (Los Angeles)
Nicole Marie Aguirre (NYC)
Hug (Nomad)
Tanner Tegtmeyer (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Helle-Vibeke Schütte (Copenhagen)
Passionate about innovation, tech and business development. Curious about knowledge, people or places that can inspire, educate on life or just make me smile!
Slack: @helle_vibeke , Linkedin
Gustav Borgefalk (Stockholm)
Cecile Pompei (London)
Jeffrey Shiau (SF)
Linkedin
Sid Radhakrishna (Washington DC)
Linkedin
Alanna Ford (Washington, DC)
I’m an artist, dancer, and feminist living in Washington, DC. An innovation product manager by trade, I specialize in listen to people's stories to uncover major business opportunities. By day, I launch new products focused on wellbeing in an innovation l
Linkedin
Can help with: Art, tapping into your creativity, innovation, product management, spirituality, rituals, magic
Abi (Nomad)
Lion Isis (Hubless)
Linkedin
Rayan Aebi (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Christopher Pruijsen (Nomad)
Entrepreneur focused on tech for social impact. Adventurer (hiking, kite surfing, diving etc). Originally from the Netherlands, nowadays nomadic.
Slack: Cpruijsen (generally use this not on the slack yet though) , Linkedin
Can help with: Professionally: software product/project management, remote working, managing remote teams, tech for impact. Personally: travel, adventure, nomadic life
David Schafran (Nomad)
I've started a mobile health company from MIT Media Lab. I produce immersive theater. I play music. I enjoy challenges, have an intense curiosity, and love helping people feel more empowered and connected to themselves and the world. If I had to label
Linkedin
Gast (Los Angeles)
Entertainer, Educator, Entrepreneur
Slack: Esteban , Linkedin
Can help with: Writing, speaking, storytelling, media creation, online marketing, branding, creativity, design thinking
Eduardo Ezequiel Escobar (Buenos Aires Argentina)
Linkedin
Alex Rand (Nomad)
Camila Petignat (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Natalia Andrea Rodríguez (Buenos Aires)
Yamil Santoro (Buenos Aires, Argentina)
Linkedin
Tomas Escobar (Buenos Aires)
Elisa Insua (Madrid)
Visual Artist from Buenos Aires - Pop / baroque creations with discarded materials
Linkedin
Can help with: Artwork, design advice, art exports and transport
Maria Paz Jurado (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Michel Mosse (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Kamilia Chauvin (Paris)
I work in public information for the UN agency for refugees. Was a multimedia journalist for 6 years in South America, Hong Kong and the Middle East covering international affairs. Passionate about news, people and technology
Linkedin
Can help with: Communication
Andrés Cortina Schlegel (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Cecile Pompei (Nomad)
Social entrepreneur, learning program design, beach-volleyball addict :)
Slack: Cecilepompei , Linkedin
Can help with: Career transition, social entrepreneurship, building learning programs, traveling, and getting energy!
Chris Wessels (London)
Linkedin
Maria Ploumaki (Zurich)
Erin Claire (NYC)
Linkedin
Alejandro Andrade (Mexico City)
Linkedin
Thomas Rippel (Hubless)
Linkedin
Zim Ugochukwu (Hubless)
Linkedin
Daniel Teweles (New York City)
TV Producer, Professor, Growth Advisor
Linkedin
Izabelle Posadas (Stockholm/Paris)
Linkedin
Keld Lundgaard (Boston)
Current Data Scientist, former physicist, Entrepreneur and innovator, community connector, and idealist.
Anne Reine LAPEYRE (Haiti)
Linkedin
Dhruva Rajendra (Washington, DC)
Sarah-Marie Hopf (DC)
Sarah-Marie is a German-American social innovation strategist and designer. Through Ashoka U, she equips universities globally to embed social innovation into their culture, programming and operations. Through Thriving in a Noisy World, she builds communi
Slack: Sarahmariehopf , Linkedin
Can help with: Intrapreneurship, social innovation education, designing transformational experiences/human-centered design, practices and tools for thriving and leading in a noisy world
Shirah Foy (Léman, Switzerland)
Interdisciplinary social scientist / Entrepreneur / Early-stage startup mentor / Researches the role of culture in shaping sustainably-minded entrepreneurs / Lectures on entrepreneurship and technology commercialization / Seasoned global citizen
Slack: @shirah.foy , Linkedin
Can help with: Creating non-judgmental space to think/talk/process through difficult experiences and big decisions; Evaluating business opportunities and outlining next steps to pursue them; Exploring the intersection of faith, ambition, business, and life
Sonia Sarkar (Boston)
Kevin (SF)
Linkedin
Joyce Vazquez-Braverman (Mexico)
Linkedin
Vivian Lan Agami (Mexico City)
Linkedin
Jonathan David Henning (Chicago)
Linkedin
Dean Fankhauser (London)
Linkedin
Jason Li (Hong Kong)
Suvarchala Narayan (Nomad)
Marjolein Oomen (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Arjen Swank (Amsterdam)
Engagement Specialist @ Effectory; Start-up coach; Social Entrepreneurship
Linkedin
Can help with: Commercial ideas, Business advice, Start-up support
Jenny Gottstein (San Francisco)
Principal Experience Designer at IDEO, Jenny has led interactive game projects, creativity trainings and design workshops around the world. She was recognized in Forbes 30 Under 30 for Games in 2015. She is passionate about building resilience, engagemen
Linkedin
Can help with: Game design, experience design, event production tips
Tom Mazer (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Victor Alexiev (Singapore)
Linkedin
Maayke Aimée Damen (Amsterdam)
Human being, chocolate addicted life form, entrepreneur, founder Excess Materials Exchange (EME), inventor resources passport, conducted first research on Ex'tax (shifting taxes from labour to resources),Singularity University
Linkedin
Can help with: Circular economy, sustainable development, waste management, real good at asking questions
Robert Lugo (Formerly Dubai, now LA)
Linkedin
Rob Hodgkinson (London)
Rob Ianelli (NYC)
Walid Abdul-Wahab (Hubless)
Robert Watson Jr. (Hubless)
Linkedin
Ricardo Geromel (Fort Lauderdale)
Ricardo R. Amador (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Natalie Youssef (Cairo)
Noor Bin Ladin (London)
Nikita Johnson (London)
Mary Helen Miller (Chattanooga)
Carson Linforth Bowley (San Francisco / NYC)
Seffie Treistman (Amsterdam)
I help people the right things done to reach their goals in business and life
Linkedin
Marcel Rasche (London, Berlin, Amsterdam)
Actor, 360 Film Producer
Linkedin
Jay Lee (Hong Kong)
John Lyndon (London)
Linus Eidenbenz (Zurich)
Linkedin
Liron Mark Einav (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Leon Chen (Westminster)
Logan Kugler (Hubless)
Linkedin
Kat Calvin (DC)
Linkedin
Joeri Van Geelen (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Reyndert Coppelmans (Amsterdam)
Manager, VP Marketing / Sales at Studytube. Interested in Tech, Startups, Scale-ups, Beachvolley, Travel, Hiking, Retreats, AI, Psychology, Marketing, Strategy. Developing my cultural affinity and understanding of the world of social causes.
Slack: @reyndert , Linkedin
Can help with: Business Strategy, Marketing, Sales, Management, Business Planning, Fundraising
Lynn Zebeda (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Bruna Monteiro (Recife)
Arjun Mali (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Christoffer Caesar (Stockholm)
Elliot Tomaeno (NYC)
Filipe Calegario (Recife)
Linkedin
Fintan Gillespie (London)
Charles Lee (Phoenix)
Sjoerd Huisman (Amsterdam)
Sjoerd has an industrial engineering background, filled with entrepreneurial spirit fuelled by his time at MIT. After building his company successful and helping 50+ associations, he is now an enthused Product Manager. Forming and empowering Produ
Slack: @sjoerd , Linkedin
Tobias Rijken (Amsterdam and/or London)
Linkedin
Jorn Van Lieshout (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Daniel Gaspersz (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Mentor Palokaj (Amsterdam)
Academically a biologist & information scientist. Professionally a writer, programmer and learner.
Slack: Mentor , Linkedin
Can help with: Programming, nutrition, personal finance, investing, blockchain, cryptocurrencies
Jessica Johansson (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Alex Hansson (Zurich)
Alex Barrera (Madrid)
I'm a serial entrepreneur, professional storyteller and writer. Currently I'm chief editor at The Aleph (thealeph.com).
Slack: @abarrera , Linkedin
Can help with: Storytelling, innovation, startups, strategy, writing, content, communication, events
Priya Shah (Chicago)
Linkedin
Paula Cutuli (Hubless)
Linkedin
Fernando Carlen (Zurich)
I am CEO of Avenir Services (HR Outsourcing) and Founder of Schweizer Päckli (E-Commerce Business Swiss Food)
Linkedin
Can help with: E-Business, General Management, Minimalism, Self-Management
Carla Bonina (Buenos aires)
Barry Pousman (SF)
Filmmaker | Digital Strategist | Impact Specialist
Slack: @BPow , Linkedin
Can help with: Virtual Reality, Film Production, Digital Video, Digital Strategy, Futures Thinking
Stefano Bernardi (Italy)
Investor and Skier
Slack: @ste , Linkedin
Ashley Ellis (Hubless (los angeles was never formally recognized as a hub))
Linkedin
Ana Maria Dominguez Oquendo (Sao Paulo)
Linkedin
Lana Volftsun (SF)
Linkedin
Richard Hoechner (Zurich)
Linkedin
Laura Schwartz-Henderson (Philadelphia)
Working on building interdisciplinary and cross-border collaboration between researchers, activists, technologists, lawyers, and journalists for social change.
Slack: Laurash3nd , Linkedin
Can help with: Grantwriting, events with purpose (collaboration, knowledge production), international programs
Tomás De Lara (Hubless (Based in Rio de Janeiro))
Linkedin
Tom Wingert (Philadelphia)
Linkedin
Reggie Hall Jr. (Philadelphia)
Mark Yarmarkovich (Philadelphia)
Mike Greenberg (Philadelphia)
Linkedin
Katrina Connors (Philadelphia)
Linkedin
Meicen Sun (Boston, Beijing)
PhD candidate @ MIT focusing on the tech-power nexus. Track-II diplomat. Writer of stories, plays, music.
Slack: Meicensun , Linkedin
Rina Patel (Baiada Institute)
Linkedin
Melissa Alam (Philadelphia)
Linkedin
Julian DeSchutter (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Joanna Riquett (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Parker Busswood (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Anastasia Hambali (Vancouver)
Linkedin
JJ MacLean (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Isabelle D'Ursel (New York)
Emily Chong (New York)
Asia Lindsay (New York)
Matt Hunter (Toronto)
Linkedin
Francisco Quintino Ramos (Lisbon)
Entrepreneur, Media, Rugby
Slack: Fquintinoramos , Linkedin
Andrew Zitek (New York)
Linkedin
Daniel MacCombie (NYC)
Linkedin
Guy Cohen (New York)
Adrienne Schmoeker (Hubless)
Linkedin
Lenny Emery (New York)
Linkedin
Vinay Trivedi (NYC)
Linkedin
Noah Karesh (DC)
Linkedin
Joe Howard (Washington, DC)
Linkedin
Katie Gage (DC)
Sahil Joshi (Washington, D.C.)
Andrew D. Sommers (Washington, DC)
Public Sector Innovator, Civic Entrepreneur, Management Consultant
Linkedin
Annie Hodges (DC)
Linkedin
Robyn Fischer (Washington, DC)
Linkedin
Erik W. Martinez Resly (DC)
Linkedin
Greg Cornell (DC)
Linkedin
Kathy Qian (DC)
I'm a data scientist and entrepreneur.
Slack: Kathyqian , Linkedin
Natalie Taggart (DC)
Linkedin
Marta Milkowska (Washington)
Linkedin
James Li (DC)
Linkedin
Jordan McRae (Paris)
Ganda Buxor (Hub)
Fabricio Mercier (Sao Paulo)
Ryan Cole (Prague)
Linkedin
Teryn Norris (Washington, DC)
Linkedin
Anand Gupta (Washington DC)
Linkedin
Rob Lalka (DC)
Linkedin
Jeff Tong (DC)
Linkedin
Anton Zolotov (DC)
Serena Kefayeh (D.C.)
Linkedin
Andrew Horn (NYC)
Nico Köllner (Hubless)
Linkedin
Ng Pei Yi (Singapore)
Tinia Pina (NYC)
Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Tinia Pina received her B.S. in Business Information Technology from Virginia Tech and studied briefly at Columbia University's Earth Institute. She has six years of experience in the financial services industry and si
Linkedin
Can help with: Introductions, business development, sales, marketing, new product development, team building, startup formation
Julio C Lavalle (Sao Paulo)
Linkedin
David Framil Carpeño (Hubless)
Zaid Farekh (Amman)
Linkedin
Philip Chow (Beijing)
Roy Cohen (Tel Aviv, London)
Linkedin
Thiago Vinicius Soares Diniz (Recife)
Linkedin
Sean Coleman (Phoenix)
Jessica Cole (San Francisco)
Civic techie who believes in people. Currently Head of Innovation & Economic Development for a small city in the Bay. Let's talk community, civic fabric, potlucks, women's dinners, potlucks.
Linkedin
Vincent (NYC)
Tim Lehmann (Zurich)
Tech and Org. Cultural Theorist; Techsociology lecturer @HSGStGallen & entrepreneur @pro_journo, a journalism incubator
Slack: Doclehmann , Linkedin
Joshua To (Hubless)
Linkedin
Jared Houghton (Chattanooga)
Linkedin
Mark Kaigwa (Nairobi)
Linkedin
Sarah Reifschneider (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Patrick Walsh (Dublin)
Linkedin
Sim Jian Min (Singapore)
Linkedin
Jan Rieger (Berlin)
Linkedin
Alexandra Schinasi (Tel Aviv)
Sarah Peguine (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Per Jonsson (Stockholm)
Entrepreneur and Founder at Everyday, Emotional Intelligence Trainer, AcroYoga Teacher
Slack: @per , Linkedin
Can help with: Corporate training, socioemotional skills, technology and product design, building a business, being human
Kostapanos Miliaresis (Athens)
Virginia Duran (Hubless)
Virginia is a Spanish architect and entrepreneur on a mission to change the way we perceive cities. She is the founder of Architectour Guide, an innovative city guide made of paper and currently is living in London.
Linkedin
Can help with: Architecture, design, travel, data bases
John Egan (London/Dublin)
Xavier Duportet (Paris)
Linkedin
Christian Shelton (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Enoch Elwell (Chattanooga)
Linkedin
Karel Escoabr (Madrid)
Wolfgang Gründinger (Berlin)
Lobbyist for the Digital Transformation. Fighter for Future Generations.
Linkedin
Can help with: Digitization, politics, Germany, Berlin, sustainability
Elin Ledskog (Stockholm)
I'm a nature lover, entrepreneur and industrial engineer trying to create smart solutions for obstacles I see around me, mostly focusing on the environment and energy. Since three years I'm working with developing a company called Againity offering small-
Slack: Elin Ledskog , Linkedin
Can help with: Active listening, self-reflection exercises, nature experiences, renewable energy, rural electrification, waste-to-energy, turbine technology
Jorge Castilho Sá Couto (Oporto)
Linkedin
Omphemetse Kgomongwe (Johannesburg)
Integrator, Entrepreneur, Creative
Linkedin
Can help with: Ideas and generally being a good sounding board.
Josep Amoros Moya (Barcelona / Madrid)
Entrepreneurship, Innovation, Banking, AI
Linkedin
Can help with: Entrepreneurship, Innovation, Banking
Nathan Levy (Hubless)
Priya Amarsy (Dubai)
Yezin Al-Qaysi (Hubless)
Linkedin
Fabian Hemmert (Berlin)
Designer, Maker, Professor
Slack: Fabianhemmert , Linkedin
Can help with: Design, user experience, creativity
Fabian Kalker (Berlin)
Marin Licina (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Aris Konstantinidis (San Fransisco)
Social entrepreneur born in Greece. Current MBA student at Stanford. Explorer of disruptive technologies and Artificial Intelligence.
Slack: @aris , Linkedin
Trevor Owens (NYC)
Seif Abou Zaid (Cairo)
Linkedin
Tiffanie Robinson (Chattanooga, TN)
Linkedin
Patrick (London)
Dominic Llewellyn (London)
Linkedin
Aaron Gibralter (New York)
Linkedin
Kushagra Saxena (New York)
João Paulo dos Santos Oliveira (Recife)
Linkedin
Arnon Joseph (Tel-Aviv)
Linkedin
Daniel Leutenegger (Zurich)
Naza Metghalchi (London)
Linkedin
Paul Maidowski (Berlin & Zurich)
Erinn Larkin (Washington, DC)
Dhaval Chadha (Hubless)
Victor Mathieux (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Vincent Lyons (Dublin)
Linkedin
Irene Herranz (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Lina Anne Lustig (Berlin)
Oren Salomon (Hubless)
Linkedin
Max H. Brueggemann (Hubless)
Linkedin
Justin Wohlstadter (New York)
Linkedin
Fraser Doherty (London)
Linkedin
Pilar Rubiales (Hubless)
Linkedin
Christian Edler (Berlin)
Entrepreneurial Investor
Linkedin
Jeff Mote (Nairobi)
Pippin Wigglesworth (Berlin)
Julian Busquets Moura (São Paulo)
I am a Filmmaker and visual storyteller focused on long and short form documentaries. I like playing sports but not watching them, I ride my bike almost every day and am the lead drone operator for my production company. I love to create and brainstorm wi
Linkedin
Can help with: Film editing, cinematography, drones
Sarah Gross (NYC)
Linkedin
Benjamin Rohé (Berlin)
Kate Rosenberg (Tel Aviv)
Andrea Solomonides (Athens)
With one word :FIXER If needed to use two :DOER! For the rest, check my cv or contact me directly. I'm pretty sure I can help you build whatever is on your mind. In case I can't, I'll connect you with somebody that will.
Linkedin
Can help with: Business development, communication strategy, consulting, startup consulting, speaker
Conrad Wadowski (New York City)
Kane Sarhan (New York)
Annabel Acton (New York)
Linkedin
Cloe Shasha (New York)
Linkedin
Sandeep Ayyappan (New York)
Madison Maxey (New York)
Linkedin
Jessie Fox (Philadelphia)
Linkedin
Danielle (Amman)
Global Nomad. American born and raised in Middle East. Passionate about women's empowerment through social enterprise and athletics.
Slack: Https://www.facebook.com/dani.richards1 , Linkedin
Can help with: Discounts on business operations services (HR, accounting, admin support etc)
Patricio Gigli (Buenos Aires })
Linkedin
Apurv Mishra (San Francisco)
Eric Silberger (Nomad)
Milena Arciszewski (New York)
Linkedin
Carmen Elena Oprea (Dubai)
Linkedin
Fredrik Hagenius (Stockholm)
Entrepreneur
Batandwa Alperstein (Cape town)
Linkedin
João Miguel Leal Figueirinhas Costa (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Jiakai Jeremy Chua (Singapore)
Linkedin
Robert Pott (Cape Town)
Linkedin
Clemens Guptara (Hubless)
Erin Frey (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Jonathan Yagel (Chattanooga)
Currently in Nashville. Founding team member of Spire Labs (spirelabs.co). UVA English Major & Master. Always eager to discuss startups, literature, and ramen.
Slack: Jwby , Linkedin
Can help with: Marketing,copywriting,copyediting,growth strategy,business development,PR,startups,entrepreneurship
Neave O'Clery (Boston)
Linkedin
Ariana Cancelli (Toronto)
Linkedin
Anastasia Kalinina (Lac Leman)
Linkedin
Belen Rodriguez Galvez (London)
Linkedin
Fouad Jeryes (Amman)
Linkedin
Carlos Mondragon (SF)
Former gaming entrepreneur working in mobile adtech doing engineering. Living in SF from Mexico City, I love to eat and octopi.
Slack: Mondras , Linkedin
Can help with: Advertising, gaming, mexico, mobile, user acquisition
Alexander Mayall (London)
Linkedin
Achyutha Sharma (Bangalore)
Julie De Pimodan (Istanbul)
Linkedin
Omead Kohanteb (San Francisco)
UX Researcher, Interested in Environmental Sustainability, Oceans, and making technology more accessible and usable.
Can help with: UX Research, UX,
Jolynn Minnaar (Cape Town)
Linkedin
João Rafael Marques Tuna RIbeiro Brites (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Shashi Menon (Dubai)
Linkedin
Jade De Waal (Cape Toqn)
Marita Cheng (Hubless)
Linkedin
Billieres Laurent (Paris)
Christian Vanizette (Paris)
Ola (Amman)
David Haddad (Dubai)
Linkedin
Alexandre Ayoub (London)
Jamala Safari (Cape Town)
Tobias Ahlin (Stockholm)
Linkedin
Sahil Singh Gujral (New York NY)
Bjoern Lasse Herrmann (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Jyoti Ramnath (Bangalore)
Aditi Shekar (NYC)
Bowen Pan (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Maria Parodi (Dublin)
Lilly Bussmann (London)
Work in progress
Slack: Lilly_bus , Linkedin
Husain Essop (Cape Town)
Dan Nechita (Washington DC)
Serial social entrepreneur focused on all things digital. Former State Counselor to the Romanian Prime Minister. Columbia and GWU graduate.
Linkedin
Can help with: European Commission, startups, innovation, networking, Romania
Hasan Essop (Cape Town)
Paul Cassarino (Paris)
Pierre Escobar (Brussels)
Hubert Saint Olive (Berlin)
Linkedin
Patrick Boström (Stockholm)
Media marketing manager, marketing video producer
Linkedin
Karin Levi (Tel aviv)
Linkedin
Aislinn Malszecki (Toronto)
Linkedin
Rahul Singh (DC)
Linkedin
Taraf Abu hamdan (Amman)
Environmentalist, working closely with communities and refugees. Aspiring writer on weekends.
Can help with: Environmental projects (including environmental education), creative projects, community empowerment and development, content creation,
Paulina Mustafa (San Francisco)
Product Designer with mechanical engineering background. Currently at Essential Products. Love reading magical realism, modernism, and economics. Colombian in California.
Slack: Paulina.mustafa , Linkedin
Can help with: Product design, mechanical engineering, colombia
Ankur Saxena (Bangalore)
Linkedin
Rob Hudson Ashodian Moore (San Francisco)
Karol Jan Borowiecki (Copenhagen)
I am Professor of economics at University of Southern Denmark. My research has explored the geography and benefits of creative clustering, and looked into migration of creative people, especially of famous artists in history. When not giving talks or advi
Linkedin
Can help with: Data analysis, funding, investment analysis, venture capital
Ruben Fürstenberg (Zurich)
Damian Madray (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Kim Burgas (New York)
Linkedin
Mira Wijayanti (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Taha Bawa (Leman)
Stephanie Vatz (SF)
Rachel Krauss (Tel aviv)
Hala Issam Raji Hatamleh (Amman)
Linkedin
Wladimir Nikoluk (London)
Linkedin
Phil Kaye (New York)
Linkedin
Karim Zekri (Zurich)
Linkedin
Hiten Nainaney (Dubai)
Linkedin
Fabienne Babinsky (Berlin)
Linkedin
Stephen O'Leary (Dublin)
Linkedin
Mette De Fine Licht (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Tacchetti Lucia (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Denis Baranov (DC)
I co-manage expedited shipping products at USPS and organize massive snowball fights in DC when the city shuts down to deal with the snow. I’m always happy to help budding entrepreneurs with their strategies and to poke holes in their ideas.
Slack: Dnbrv , Linkedin
Can help with: Shipping, event planning, strategy, international development, marketing data
Julia June Bossmann (San Francisco, (Silicon Valley, Berlin))
Linkedin
Gavin Redmond (Dublin)
Linkedin
Alvaro Sanmartin Cid (Madrid)
Linkedin
Lucas David (Recife)
Linkedin
Nathaniel Whittemore (San Francisco)
Paul Gleger (Washington DC)
Linkedin
Jessica Erickson (Berlin)
Linkedin
Todd VanDuzer (Hubless)
Linkedin
Samuel O. Ronsin (Paris)
Linkedin
Jeff Kunowski (Phoenix)
Yarden Assa (Tel aviv)
Allie O'Connell (Chattanooga)
Farah Ghniem (Amman)
Linkedin
Chief Nyamweya (Nairobi)
Linkedin
Jyoti Guptara (Zurich)
Bestselling Author, Fantasy Novelist, Storytelling Consultant, Speaker
Slack: Jyoti.guptara , Linkedin
Can help with: Storytelling, speaking, writing, editing
Hannes Klöpper (Berlin)
Linkedin
Greg Rudolph (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Stephanie Chung (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Stavros Stavroulakis (Athens)
Amanda Oppenheim (Phoenix)
Jared Schoepf (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Ryan Burke (DC)
Linkedin
Sehr Charania (Hubless)
Linkedin
Alicia Sully (Nomad)
Alicia is a co-ambassador for the Nomad hub and works in 20 countries a year, she runs the production company, What Took You So Long? and is herself a filmmaker. She also co-created "Box Of Light" a media making collective powered off Sandbox.
Slack: Alicia.sully , Linkedin
Can help with: Filmmaking
Ashkan Safaee (Stockholm)
Founder Everyday & Yoga for guys - Lover of great ideas, good wine and nature
Slack: @ashkansafaee , Linkedin
Can help with: Design and facilitate human centric processes
Caitlin Strandberg (NYC moving to Boston)
Linkedin
Dominik Grolimund (Zurich)
Linkedin
Diana Jaunzeikare (San Francisco)
Senior Software Engineer at Google in Medical Brain team applying Machine Learning to problems in healthcare. Previously at Google worked on Language Modeling for Speech Recognition, data infrastructure and storage systems.
Slack: Diana.jaunzeikare , Linkedin
Can help with: Data Engineering, ML, visiting National Parks,
Chloe Stull-Lane (Nairobi)
Linkedin
Michael Wang (New York)
Neil Shah (Washington DC)
Dean Fankhauser (London)
Matthew Brimer (NYC)
Linkedin
Cynthia Hellen (New York)
Globally recognized, entrepreneur Cynthia Hellen, is the Founder and CEO of SMPLCT Lab, (pronounced “simplicity lab”) a socially conscious lab based in New York, that creates sustainable products, services and experiences for people and planet. SMPLCT Lab
Linkedin
Can help with: Startup, Investment advice
Marc Sanz Lopez (Dublin)
Linkedin
Carlo Angeles (Hubless)
Linkedin
Rip (Abhishek) Pruisken (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Chris Alton/Alex Jones (London)
Linkedin
Rachel Cook (NYC)
Founder of Seeds (www.seedstokens.com), which lets you ask the blockchain for help, and receive it as a gift, no strings attached. Boost VC 2014 alum, Techstars NYC 2015, and competed in Techcrunch Disrupt Battlefield in 2016 (we didn't win :)).
Slack: @rachelatseeds , Linkedin
Can help with: Getting the resources they need to free themselves from the limitations of the current economic system.
Anna Laura Schmidt (Sao Paulo)
Linkedin
Vikram Venkatraman (New York)
Titiaan Palazzi (NYC)
I help cities, universities, corporates, utilities to receive 100% solar power at Rocky Mountain Institute. Previously Nest, FirstFuel, MIT. Based in NYC and SF, originally from the Netherlands.
Linkedin
Can help with: Renewables, climate change, storytelling, dinners
David Burstein (New York)
Linkedin
Benjamin Loh Chiang Lai (Singapore)
Linkedin
Rhea Mehta (Toronto)
Linkedin
Lindsey Frost Cleary (Chattanooga)
Linkedin
Bianca Praetorius (Berlin)
Sebastian Christ (Berlin)
Linkedin
Noemie Delfassy (Leman / Zurich)
Fabian Knopf (Beijing)
I have previously worked in advisory for foreign investors in China and Vietnam since 2010 encompassing business development, content marketing, project management and advisory roles. My expertise lies mainly in corporate structuring and compliance in acc
Slack: Fabian.knopf , Linkedin
Can help with: China
Gamal ElDin Amgad Sadek (Cairo)
Tuuli Utriainen (Geneva/Lausanne)
Rafael Oliveira (São Paulo)
Creative generalist wannabe, story teller, urban sustainable development activist, structural engineer, tennis/guitar player, tango/forró dancer
Slack: Rg0wv0 , Linkedin
Can help with: Urban sustainable development, engineering, brazilian connections, dancing
Roger Gichuhi (Nairobi)
Digital Business Consultant
Cedric Kutlu (Madrid)
Linkedin
Cécile MONTEIL (Paris)
Linkedin
Dmitry Golubnichy (Zurich / Hubless)
Linkedin
Inês Silva (Lisboa)
Adviser at the Cabinet of the Portuguese Secretary of State of Industry.
Slack: @inesss111 , Linkedin
Gian Klainguti (Zürich)
Linkedin
Markus Lampinen (Hubless)
Raphaël Lebas de Lacour (Paris)
Linkedin
Dominic Obojkovits (Cape Town)
Alina Gratschner (Nomad)
Tech Acceleration | Ecosystem Development
Linkedin
Camille Therre (Zurich)
Linkedin
James Rohrbach (New York)
Irwin Adam Eydelnant (Toronto)
Linkedin
Christian Mischler (Hubless)
Linkedin
Aisha Sheikh (San Francisco (Ambassador))
Entrepreneur: future of work, design, technology, education, community
Slack: @aisha , Linkedin
Alejandro Andrade Azcona (Mexico Sandbox Group)
Linkedin
Irena Kapusta (London)
Data analytics lead @ LinkedIn; diaspora book author
Linkedin
Juan Barbed (Hubless - Lima moving to San Francisco)
Linkedin
Dr. Fred A. English (Dublin)
Linkedin
Danielle Tomson (New York)
Erica Berger (Los Angeles)
Writer, Host, Strategist, Investor, Explorer. Forbes 30 Under 30 in Media. NPR Generation Listen Founding Board Member. Founding Ambassador LA hub. Lover of mischief, magic, mystery, and media.
Slack: Ericaberger , Linkedin
Can help with: Media, Communications Strategy, Travel Advice, Writing Advice
Danial Malik (Toronto)
Linkedin
Alexandra Khachatryan (Washington DC/ Los Angeles)
Linkedin
Theresa Leigh (Boston)
Linkedin
Evita Kolokouri (Athens/Amsterdam)
Experienced professional in NGO Management and Program Development, International Development and Anthropology researcher.
Linkedin
Ashish Aggarwal (Bangalore)
Linkedin
Ben Froumine (Tel Aviv)
Hebah Fisher (Dubai)
Eva-Maria Zoll (Berlin)
Linkedin
Gwendolyn Regina (Singapore)
Media, tech, Asia
Slack: Gwendolynregina , Linkedin
Omri Baumer (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Mikhail Naumov (Former Philadelphia Ambassador and current New York Hub)
Linkedin
Olivia Owen (London)
Linkedin
Evgeni Kouris (Berlin)
Linkedin
Tahnee Prior (Toronto)
Abhineet Kumar (Nomad (currently in Washington DC))
Originally from India, currently in Washington DC, Georgetown MBA. I specialise in taking ideas to real customers, by creating a functioning enterprise built on a robust operational framework, a sustainable growth strategy, a passionate team, and a mix of
Slack: Slack.com/abhineet , Linkedin
Can help with: Startups, India, Strategy
Jonathan Friedman (ISrael)
Joana Ungureanu (Paris)
Public health consultant specialised in physical activity and health promotion; health systems, policies, behaviour change; healthy living; also passionate about dance
Linkedin
Can help with: Living healthy, time management, reflection on life and relationships, priortising, simply listening
Gareth Pearson (Cape Town)
Linkedin
Alan Frei (Zurich)
Linkedin
Vlad Trifa (London)
Christoph (Zurich)
Entrepreneur, Co-Founder of Impact Hub Zurich, inyova.com, Kickstart Accelerator, Deep Tech Nation.
Linkedin
Can help with: Network governance, fundraising, sales, social impact, company growth
Zaina Kanaan (Dubai)
Linkedin
Simon Treis (Zurich)
Linkedin
Alborz Toofani (Dubai)
A dedicated entrepreneur with the passion of starting projects in the online as well as the offline space. Alborz was born and raised in Germany and that is where he started his entrepreneurial journey at an early age. He founded a real-estate business be
Linkedin
Can help with: Listening, Giving Hugs, Entrepreneurship
Tomas Fuentes Benitez (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Marine Aubin (Paris)
Linkedin
Chloé Morris (London)
Linkedin
Bernadine Brocker (London)
Linkedin
Mykim Dang (Boston)
Linkedin
Denis Maksimov (Brussels)
Linkedin
Narkis Alon (TEL-AVIV)
Gabe Chomic (London)
Linkedin
Leticia Mariana Jáuregui Casanueva (Mexico City)
Linkedin
Miguel Angel Acevedo (Hong Kong)
Miguel is a Full Stack Developer who helps startups to develop and take your MPV to the next level. Before starting a development business, Miguel worked 16 years as a Developer and Lead Programmer in south america and asia. After a successful career hel
Slack: Miguel , Linkedin
Can help with: Web / Mobile Programming, Electronics, 3d Printing, Programming (Web and Embedded Systems)
Dev Aujla (New york)
Linkedin
Alexis Caporale (Buenos Aires)
Deal-maker and negotiator. Entrepreneur. Founded and exited two tech startups (hardware and internet). Always traveling around the world. Completely passionate about nature, ecosystems regeneration and renewable energies.
Slack: Alexiscaporale , Linkedin
Can help with: Negotiations, business analysis, team building, difficult conversations.
Jaap Ruoff (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Colette Young (Hubless/ NYC + Paris)
Linkedin
Michael Radparvar (Los Angeles)
Co-founder at Holstee. Building a subscription for personal growth, inspired by the science of mindfulness and positive psychology.
Slack: @michaelrad , Linkedin
Can help with: Entrepreneurship, mindfulness, coaching, subscription, positive psychology
Timur Topalgoekceli (Paris)
Linkedin
Dan Dzombak (NYC)
Linkedin
Thibault Launay (Paris)
Linkedin
Thomas Ruland (Berlin)
Flavio Rump (Zurich, London)
Entrepreneur & Editor at Bio2040.com focusing on Biomedical Research
Linkedin
Can help with: Sales, marketing, strategy, customer development
Easkey Britton (Dublin / Global)
Surfer, scientist, artist, explorer - Dr. Easkey Britton, founder of Like Water, is a big-wave surfer and marine social scientist at NUIG. Her work explores the relationship between people and the sea, using her passion for the ocean to create social chan
Linkedin
Chandan Raj (Bangalore)
Linkedin
Alberto Campora (London - Milan - Berlin)
Damien Morjane (Brussels / Berlin)
Mihai Mafteianu (Hubless)
Linkedin
Raphael Ouzan (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Luis Rosenthal (London)
Linkedin
Verhaeghe (Brussels)
Rick Tank (London)
Love the adventure of building businesses or ideas from the ground up. Music and film is where my heart lies. I'm currently a co-founder of RolePoint, a SaaS enterprise tech startup. Previously led businesses in music broadcasting, film, design.
Slack: Ricktank , Linkedin
Can help with: Tech, startups, start-ups, saas, product design, software, hr, recruitment, engineering, software, product, music, film, labels, musicians
Allie Armitage (Washington DC)
Linkedin
Kausshal Dugarr (Bangalore)
Founder of Teabox, Marathoner, Modern World History Buff. Live in Bengaluru/Singapore. Originally from the beautiful hills of Darjeeling.
Linkedin
Can help with: Startup, funding, india
Zhihan Lee (Singapore)
Education Entrepreneur tackling the Future of Work and the Global Skills Gap
Linkedin
Edward Harran (Hubless)
Linkedin
Isolde Johnson (Dublin)
Michael Mayernick (DC, SF)
Entrepreneur, photographer, sailor, mountaineer, coder, community builder
Linkedin
Alex Gough (London)
David El Achkar (Nomad)
Tech, entrepreneurship, & movement
Slack: @david , Linkedin
Can help with: Health, movement, crypto, startups,
Melanie Goldsmith (London)
Linkedin
Nettra Pan (Léman)
Researcher and lecturer on the topic of investor decision-making (angel, VC, impact investing). Helping investors and entrepreneurs identify their implicit biases and design strategies to achieve their desired investment outcomes.
Slack: @nettra , Linkedin
Can help with: Early-stage venture stategy, purpose-driven business models
Kræn Hansen (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Nicolai Watzenig (London)
Linkedin
Manuel Keller (Zurich)
Mattias Tyrberg (Stockholm)
Entrepreneur
Linkedin
Katarina Blom (Stockholm, Sweden)
Linkedin
Tara Duggan (Dublin)
A plant scientist with a background in environmental science I am most passionate about product development and innovation in the horticultural sector. I have considerable experience consulting for biological waste management, water pollution and treatmen
Linkedin
Can help with: R&D, sustainability, waste management, SciComm
Farida Kamel (Cairo)
Linkedin
Dinika (Cape Town)
Linkedin
Carlotta Rinaldi (London)
Linkedin
Javier Rincon (Mexico City)
For 15 years dedicated to the creation and development of technology businesses for companies of all sizes, both in Mexico and Latin America as an independent consultant. Founder of PagoFácil.net a FinTech payment company in Mexico; also the founder of Ex
Slack: Javier.rincon , Linkedin
Can help with: Business Development, Innovation, Big Data, FinTech, AI, Product Development
Christina Rebel (London)
Linkedin
Asher Devang (Singapore)
Linkedin
Nadia (Berlin)
Linkedin
Tobias Jaeger (Berlin)
CFO at Colibri Studios
Slack: @tobiasjaeger , Linkedin
Can help with: Television production, media finance,
Bea Addis (London)
Entrepreneur & start-up community & culture designer, currently moving into the realm of anthropology & documentary making. Singer & dancer.
Slack: @beaaddis , Linkedin
Can help with: Community building, start ups, music & arts events and festivals, adventure planning, mystical quests
Alvaro Guirao (Madrid/Zurich)
Serial and social entrepreneur, millennial young parent, at 26, was raising 3 children and starting his second technology company. Worked for international banks, insurance companies and government institutions, as an engineer, manager and consultant. Mem
Slack: @guirix , Linkedin
Can help with: Culture & Community design, Empathic Leadership, Coaching through Virtual Reality.
Adam Rakib (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Manouchehr Shamsrizi (Global Ambassador | Hubless)
Linkedin
Yonatan Raz-Fridman (London)
Linkedin
Dimitris Kalavros-Gousiou (Athens, Greece)
Linkedin
Christine C Moran (Zurich)
Linkedin
Caroline Ladousse (Madrid)
Linkedin
Nico Luchsinger (Zurich)
Co-Founder of Sandbox. Ex-medieval historian. Ex-journalist. Currently building Asia Society Switzerland.
Slack: @nicoluchsinger , Linkedin
Zdenek Fred Fous (Czech Republic)
Linkedin
Eva Mohr (Hubless)
Linkedin
Samarth Sharma (Paris)
Batool Suleimanji (Dubai)
Linkedin
Malvina Goldfeld (Tel Aviv)
Joseph Fitchett (London)
Anna Ott (Berlin)
Linkedin
Thomas Jörg (Zurich)
Linkedin
Tinia Pina (DC)
Anh-Minh Tran Do (Hubless)
Linkedin
Pablo Zivic (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Caroline Howe (Boston)
Linkedin
Philip Stehlik (SF)
Serial entrepreneur, technologist, dancer & maker based in San Francisco and Berlin. Founded global fintech company. Created card-game for self-reflection. Started community to help people improve their intimate lives, sexuality & relationships.
Slack: Pstehlik , Linkedin
Can help with: Blockchain, intimacy, self-development, fundraise, hiring, ICO, technology, software engineering, hugs, dance
Tara Yip-Bannicq (Hubless)
Brian Weinberg (Washington DC)
Linkedin
Jackie Hurwitz Baskin (NYC)
I tell stories. I produce journalistic television series, including CNN's This is Life with Lisa Ling and Showtime's Dark Net. I also design immersive stories using VR and live events.
Linkedin
Richard Cheng (Hong Kong)
Enthusiast in Sci-Fi, AI, Machine Learning, Big Data, also into Hiking, Singing, Musical, Start-up; I am currently Deputy General Manager in a China-backed Global Airline Conglomerate HNA.
Linkedin
Can help with: Hong Kong, China, South East Asia, Start-up, Big Data
Hallie Applebaum (London/DC)
Will Curran (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Jessica Bruce (NYC)
Scott Shigeoka (DC / Reykjavik)
Tom Zacharski (Singapore)
Linkedin
Sarah Green (Washington, D.C.)
Linkedin
Zachary Townsend (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Federico Casas Alatriste (Mexico city)
Linkedin
Caspar Chiquet (Shanghai/Beijing)
Emission trading specialist with 10+ years of experience in China.
Linkedin
Can help with: China, emissions, emission trading, climate change
Esther Paniagua (Madrid)
Linkedin
Allie Mahler (New York City)
Rico Wyder (Singapore)
Yoseph Ayele (Hubless)
Linkedin
Farah Assir (New York)
Linkedin
Jake Levitas (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Joshua Marcuse (DC)
Linkedin
Nicole Aguirre (Washington, DC & NYC)
Linkedin
Roger Heijsters (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Linh Do (Hubless)
I'm passionate about making an impact on climate change and addressing systemic barriers that prevent universal access to opportunity. I currently work at the Climate Reality Project and was previously heading up The Verb, a newswire service.
Linkedin
Can help with: Community organising and political campaigning in general, engaging with multilateral institutions, breaking down social norms.
João Marcelo Pontes Ferraz (Recife)
Linkedin
Lujie Chen (London (original) / SF / Singapore (current))
Linkedin
Tarik Batal (Dubai)
Linkedin
Jonathan Olinger (NYC)
Linkedin
Stephen Chen (NYC)
Jesse Maddox (Hubless)
Linkedin
Michael Brooks Jr. (Chattanooga)
Riwa Harfoush (Toronto/London)
Currently Head of Network Intelligence at OSI - a £600m investment company backed by GV, Sequoia, Tencent, Temasek+++, dedicated to deep science & tech at Oxford. Previously, I worked in strategy, foresight & innovation on the executive leadership team of
Slack: @riwaharfoush , Linkedin
Jonas Liepmann (Berlin)
Linkedin
Bassem Fayek (Cairo)
Linkedin
Sujit S Nair (Bangalore)
Runs a think tank, Europe India Centre for Business and Industry, which works with companies to tap opportunity in India-UK-EU
Slack: @sujit_nair , Linkedin
Can help with: Tapping business opportunities in India, strategy consulting, business consulting
Lisa Hillers (Berlin)
Linkedin
Aoibh (Dublin)
Linkedin
Robin Guldener (Zurich)
Linkedin
John Erik Metcalf (San Francisco)
Co-Founder & CEO @ http://upgraded.io. China for 5yrs. Love family, biking and Austin.
Slack: Johnerik , Linkedin
Can help with: Entrepreneurship, fund raising
Ramy Nagy (New York and previously Cairo)
Linkedin
Rania Kanaan (Dubai)
Linkedin
PELLOUX (Paris)
Khairul Rusydi (Singapore)
Co-Founder of www.reactor.sg I'm currently researching Entrepreneurship Education (EntreEd) and psychometrics for students. Also building a Future Classroom.
Slack: @khairulrusydi , Linkedin
Can help with: Education, Entrepreneurship Education (EntreEd), Human Resource Management, Business Excellence, Expansion into ASEAN (Singapore, Bangkok, Jakarta)
Galal Ahmed Maher Zekri-Chatila (Cairo)
Linkedin
Rainer Scheerer (Berlin)
Linkedin
Mariam Maged Georges (Cairo)
Entrepreneur, Designer, Egyptian, living between Cairo and Basel.
Slack: Marioushyz , Linkedin
Sascha (New York)
Maker of thing digital and physical
Linkedin
Can help with: Startups, branding, design, story, user experience,
Paul Sawaya (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Francois Petousis (Cape Town)
Run a company I started with some friends, called Lumkani, trying to deal with the challenge of slum fires in South Africa and around the world. Develop interesting cheap networked smart tech around that (Engineer/Inclusive Business Model Innovation). Als
Linkedin
Alec Molloy (London)
Big boy
Slack: Alec , Linkedin
Can help with: Product management, yoga, mindfulness
Lisette (London)
Jesper Lindmarker (Stockholm)
Linkedin
Yoel Flohr (London)
Linkedin
Zachary Davis (Boston)
Rand Hindi (Paris)
Linkedin
Nicolò Wojewoda (London)
Europe Team Leader at 350.org. Trustee at English For Action. All things campaigning, movement building, and justice – with a focus on climate change.
Nils Noack (Hubless)
Linkedin
Javier Agüera Reneses (Madrid)
Linkedin
Harry Mylonadis (London)
Linkedin
Jonah Brotman (Toronto)
Linkedin
Brendan Coffey (New York)
Dave Radparvar (NYC)
Linkedin
Alex Barrera (Madrid)
Linkedin
William Armstrong (London)
Director of films, music videos and global TV commercials.
Linkedin
Can help with: Creative Direction, Marketing, Concept Development, Photography, Filmmaking
Natalie Copuroglu (Nairobi)
Strategic Designer working on health & behavior change projects. Glomad, yogi, lover of life.
Slack: Natalie , Linkedin
Gustaf Josefsson (Stockholm)
Linkedin
Papa Mayacine DIOP (Paris)
Linkedin
Guillaume Amigues (London)
Sebastian Lindstrom (Hubless)
Claudio Limacher (Hubless)
Linkedin
Søren Bo Steendahl (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Kyle Kesterson (Hubless)
Linkedin
Ian Choo (Copenhagen)
Aaron Wolff (DC)
Sartaj Singh Anand (Bangalore)
Building bridges to a better future, life & planet. Founder of egomonk. TED Ambassador. Advisor to +SocialGood. Global Shaper. Love words, photos & airplanes!
Slack: Sartajanand , Linkedin
Can help with: Innovation,strategy,business model,media,listening
Jens Reimer Olesen (Copenhagen)
Mia Jung (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Philippa Yoing (Hubless (Beirut))
Keyun Ruan (Dublin)
Www.ruankeyun.com
Fabian Pfortmüller (Nomad)
Fabian Pfortmüller is a Swiss serial entrepreneur and community builder in NYC. Fabian deeply cares about building communities. He believes that when humans come together, trust each other and feel they belong together, magic happens. He is on a journey t
Linkedin
Martin Herrndorf (Hubless)
Linkedin
John Roberts (Accra)
Linkedin
Demian Brener (Buenos Aires)
Leo Caprez (Zurich)
Linkedin
Henrik Storm Dyrssen (Stockholm)
Linkedin
Kevin Huynh (NYC)
Linkedin
Caitlin Crawford (Zurich)
Felipe Ávila da Costa (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Sebastian Bond (Stockholm)
Linkedin
Jess Rimington (DC)
Jess Rimington is a strategist who works in leadership and support positions to eradicate inequity that dehumanizes. She is a Visiting Scholar at Stanford researching methodologies for solving complex problems in ways that decolonize and redistribute powe
Linkedin
Can help with: Strategy, post-capitalist explorations, health/wellness, ethics considerations, crisis management, hosting, cross-cultural considerations, making spaces beautiful, gardening
Alex Budak (Stockholm)
Social entrepreneur; Changemaker in Residence at UC Berkeley; writing and speaking to create a world filled with changemakers.
Linkedin
Can help with: Social entrepreneurship, leadership, social impact, management, changemaking, crowdfunding, culture creation
Aimilia Tsakiri (Athens)
Gustav Borgefalk (Stockholm)
Margaux Pelen (Paris)
Luke Barbara (São Paulo)
Global Entrepreneur
Slack: LukeBarbara , Linkedin
Ingrid Helsingen warner (Hubless)
Antonin Léonard (Paris)
Linkedin
Md. Shihab Uddin (Hubless)
Linkedin
Zach Hamilton (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Otto Von Troschke (Zurich)
Entrepreneur
Jen Smith (London)
Alexa Clay (Berlin)
Yousef Nassar (Amman)
Linkedin
Erica Dhawan (New York)
Linkedin
Kassidy Brown (New York)
Martin Huegli (New York)
Linkedin
Grandjean Yannick (Paris)
Kashuo Marley Bennett (New York City)
I am a licensed Architect who has transitioned to a career in software engineering and product management.
Linkedin
Can help with: Architectural and interior design. Construction management. Co-working. Software design.
Jiten Menda (Dubai)
Kat Alder (London and Berlin)
Serial entrepreneur and philhanthropists mainly in the performing arts and creative industries. I founded a PR agency called WildKat in 2008 and also a philhanthropic venture Noted in 2012. We offer fellowships, roundtables and think tank initiatives.
Linkedin
Marc Bastian-Brezinka (Hubless (formerly Munich))
Linkedin
Daniel Nevius (London originally - but I just moved back to the US)
Linkedin
Mathias Holzmann (New York)
Linkedin
Luke Schoenfelder (DC)
Eric Martin (San Francisco)
Born in Stockton, trained in Santa Barbara, tanned in Saudi. Now cooling up in San Francisco.
Linkedin
Can help with: B2B sales strategy and execution, B2B marketing and event strategy and execution
Cathrin Lesslhumer (Hubless)
Linkedin
Mattan Griffel (NYC)
Linkedin
Tom Rendell (London)
Casper Ter Kuile (Boston)
Linkedin
Rebecca E Garcia (New York)
Linkedin
Kristin Dedorson (New York)
Freelancing fashion designer and Stylist
Linkedin
Sébastien Bourdu (Nomad)
Freelance web developer and (UX) designer for social justice (https://www.sebastienbourdu.com)
Slack: @ekkans , Linkedin
Can help with: Website development, programming, design, tennis, ping-pong, salsa
Lucas Vogelsang (San Francsico)
Andreas Brenner (Zurich)
Founder & CEO of Avrios.com
Linkedin
Virgilia Singh (New York City)
Tobias Hug (Hubless)
Linkedin
Marcelo Sando de Oliveira (São Paulo)
Linkedin
Peter Vogel (Zürich)
Linkedin
Tobias Hentzer Dausgaard (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Marcus Kuhn (Zurich)
Linkedin
Brian W. Jones (Stockholm)
Linkedin
Marco Alejandro Gaviño Tanamachi (México)
Linkedin
Madhura Bhat (DC)
Anwar Majali (Amman)
Linkedin
Edmond Van Steenberge (Brussels)
Magalie Magovsky (Hubless)
Writer. Coach. Performer. Exploring Art and Philosophy to challenge the way we live and interact with each other and ourselves. Love, self-alignment and true intimacy are my favourite subjects.
Slack: @magovsky , Linkedin
Can help with: Anything regarding Love, self-alignment and true intimacy.
Aparna Shrivastava (Nairobi)
International development | water & sanitation | mechanical engineer | musician | runner | oxford MBA candidate | chef | lensshift founder
Linkedin
Arvin Tang Hong Wei (Singapore)
Arvin is the person responsible for business development at AKÏN. As the lead consultant, he champions brand storytelling, regional inbound marketing strategies and product innovation.
Linkedin
Can help with: Innovations, inbound lead generation, branding, trends and startup growth
Geoffrey Roe (Dubai)
Kyra Maya Phillips (LONDON)
Jon Edward santillan (Dubai)
Linkedin
Baillie Aaron (London)
Social entrepreneur. Founder of Spark Inside, a UK charity bringing coaching into prisons. TEDx speaker. Dancer (Urban Kiz).
Linkedin
Can help with: Starting a charity, Fundraising, Philanthropy, Networking, Evaluation
Thierry Blancpain (Zurich / New York)
Linkedin
Jamil Wyne (Amman)
Linkedin
Maëva Tordo (PARIS)
Linkedin
Fereshteh Amarsy (Dubai)
Max Yuan (NYC)
Susanne (Berlin)
Linkedin
Ivo Vasilev (London)
Linkedin
Nick Smith (London)
Linkedin
Gilad Goren (NYC)
Linkedin
Ludmilla Figueiredo (Dubai)
Irene Shao (San Francisco)
Christophe P Tallec (Paris)
Linkedin
Kamel Al-Asmar (Amman)
Linkedin
George Henry de Frahan (Brussels, London)
Linkedin
Dannie Hetz (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Micha Weinblatt (Washington DC)
Linkedin
Filip Perkon (London)
Linkedin
Kosta Grammatis (New York City, Los Angeles, Outer Space, North Carolina)
Http://kosta.is
Linkedin
Can help with: Hugs, more hugs, even more hugs, sales pipelines, sales operations, electrical engineering, rapid prototypying, product creation
Nafez Dakkak (Amman)
Simon Wind (Berlin)
Linkedin
André Gonçalo Rodrigues Lopes (Lisbon)
André is a web product manager, entrepreneur, co-founder of the Altar.io software agency.
Linkedin
Can help with: Software, product
Amber Michelle Hill (London Hub)
Linkedin
Chris LoPresti (New York)
Linkedin
Sam Roberts (London)
Lee Provoost (London)
Andre Campbell (London)
Entrepreneurial marketing leader driven to 'build what matters'. Passionate about building businesses with commercial and social impact. Businesses like: Viacom, Microsoft, Wolff Olins and The Spirit of London Awards.
Linkedin
Can help with: Brand building, marketing strategy, business strategy, running
Dave Stone (London)
Linkedin
Alan Mak (London)
Linkedin
Richard Whelan (Dublin)
Linkedin
James McBennett (Dublin)
Linkedin
Antoine Sakho (Paris / Mexico)
Linkedin
Darren Ryan (Dublin)
Linkedin
Yabin Wu (Zurich)
I am a researcher in spinal surgery.
Constanza Gomez mont (Mexico City)
Claudia Olsson (Sweden Singapore)
Jorge Soto (Mexico City)
Vitória Vasconcelos (Recife Hub)
Linkedin
Marcelo Lozada Hidalgo (London/Mexico)
Razan Alzayani (Dubai)
Thomas Lueke (Berlin)
Linkedin
Elizabeth Hammitt (Chattanooga)
Sustainable business practices, future of energy & communications, community building
Slack: ElizabethCHammitt , Linkedin
Can help with: Energy, environment, corporate sustainability, non profit management, board of directors participation & management
Paige Southard (Chattanooga)
Melissa Richer (San Francisco)
Basile Blancpain (Zurich)
Maxime Riché (Paris)
Photographer / Creative Director storytelling strategy & production boutique
Linkedin
Can help with: Photography, production, art, film, storytelling
Rachel Katz (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Jamasen Rodriguez (DC)
Linkedin
Pierre De Schaetzen (Brussels)
Linkedin
Nitin Rao (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Mohammad Modarres (Los Angeles, Nomad)
I'm plugging away at AbesMeats.com and InterfaithVentures.com.
Slack: M.modarres , Linkedin
Can help with: Dancing. rawr.
Jacqueline Breidlid (Brussels)
Justin Brown (New York)
Linkedin
Franco Amorosi (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Payton LaCivita (Phoenix)
Linkedin
Angelo Antonio Perdigón Rodríguez (Hubless)
Linkedin
Daniel Teweles (Hubless)
Nadya Ivanova (London)
Linkedin
Tyler Goodwin (Nairobi)
Cosima Julia Bachler (Beirut)
Gypsy yoga student and teacher, Thai Massage, Bodywork, Healing, Permaculture, Community Living, Healthy Eating.
Linkedin
Can help with: Pain, Stress, Healthy Eating, Mindful living, Presence
Alfredo José Carneiro de Araujo Junior (Recife)
Linkedin
Pepe Villatoro (Mexico City)
Linkedin
César Salazar (Mexico City)
-
Linkedin
Daire Irwin (Dublin)
Linkedin
Ali Amarsy (Dubai)
Asim Haneef (Hubless)
Linkedin
Mark Bao (NYC)
Linkedin
Liam Ryan (Dublin)
Linkedin
William M McQuillan (London)
Linkedin
Max Hodak (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Peter Gregson (Londononononon)
Konstantina Zoehrer (Vienna (former Athens))
Konstantina Zoehrer is a Political Scientist and Researcher with an entrepreneurial mindset. Her focus is on socioeconomic development, civil society, social enterprise/social entrepreneurship, informality and policy based on community-centred approaches.
Slack: @ThirdEye3 , Linkedin
Can help with: Policy, grassroots, social innovation, social enterprise, creative activism, civil society, stakeholder engagement, strategy,
Evan Samek (San Francisco)
Product manager and (soon to be) father, working in education technology and passionate about research into how we learn. Also lover of dance, music, singing, literature, science fiction, triathlons, etc.
Linkedin
Can help with: EdTech, Product Management, Learning Theory, Dancing
Marcel Oedi (Berlin)
Diana Schneider (Brussels)
Linkedin
Padraig Mannion (Dublin)
Sarah O'Connor (Dublin)
Mathias Jakobsen (New York)
Creator of Think Clearly. Works mostly as a consultant and around impactful learning
Slack: @thnkclrly
Irina Balko (Berlin)
Linkedin
Dana Horska (Dubai)
Linkedin
Rahaf Harfoush (Paris/Global)
Linkedin
Paolo (London)
Radha Mistry (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Kate Cunningham (Dublin)
Linkedin
Matthias Scheffelmeier (Hubless)
Linkedin
Pierre-Alain Masson (Leman)
Linkedin
Andreas Gerrit Mueller (Berlin)
Linkedin
Matthew Smyth (Dublin)
Ramia El Agamy Khan (Switzerland)
Entrepreneur, Content strategist, publisher, and family business enthusiast.
Linkedin
Can help with: Content marketing, publishing, family business etc.
Jayne Ronayne (Dublin)
Linkedin
Ionut Georgian Ciobanu (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Brock LeMieux (Berlin)
Rebecca Winckworth (Dublin)
Entrepreneur- I run an organic fairtrade homewares brand. I am also a musician and I sing in yours around the world.
Linkedin
Can help with: Fun trips. Info about veganism. Facebook marketing. Connections in international development industry.
Suresh Guptara (Zurich / London)
Aaron Jaffe (New York)
Linkedin
Katarina Jones (London)
Lida Tohidi (San Francisco)
Founder | Startup Consultant | Speaker | Meditation Enthusiast | Music Art & Dance Lover | Yoga Fan | Trekking & Travelling Gal | Advisor @joinwest. Initiatives and teams that I led have done amazing things, ranging from: launching a national incubator to
Slack: Lida , Linkedin
Can help with: Mindfulness meditation, growth marketing, and being dependable for anything I commit to :)
Hannes Gassert (Zurich)
Linkedin
Haley Cohen (Buenos Aires)
Linkedin
Bradley Fitchew (London)
-
Linkedin
Can help with: Food, Drink, Digital Marketing
Isabel Oriol (Madrid)
Believer that every company should have an economic and social impact. Experience in social and private sector, works at MICROWD giving microloans to women in LATAM.
Linkedin
Can help with: Social entrepreneurship, microfinance.
Vincent Gonguet (San Francisco)
Product Manager on Connectivity @ Facebook. Physics engineer, French. Happy to meet up!
Linkedin
Can help with: Connectivity, Data Science, Product Management, Telecom, Social Networks, Growth Tactics
Stephanie Halligan (DC)
Euhana Ossi (NYC)
Shital (Hubless)
Former social enterprise savant; helped run and grow a multimillion dollar software services family business; now in transition as I retrain in medicine with a focus on global health equity
Linkedin
Can help with: Socent networking, meditation, B2B customer acquisition strategies, career transition support, public health
Arbia SMITI (Paris)
Linkedin
Stella Tran (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Evan Steiner (San francisco)
Emiliano Abad (Nomad)
Entrepreneur, Product Manager, Designer
Slack: @emilianoabad , Linkedin
Mahiben Maruthappu (London)
Brooks Washington (Nairobi)
Edouard Thijssen (Brussels / New York)
Daniel Karpantschof (NYC, Copenhagen, DC)
Very stable genius
Slack: Karpantschof , Linkedin
Marcus Nygren (Stockholm)
? making ideas happen. M.Sc. Media Technology, Entrepreneur & Creative Developer. @Spotify alumni, founder @CoderDojoNKPG and now proud co-founder of social enterprise @EdviraAB – Inclusive Computing Education
Slack: Marcusnygren , Linkedin
Can help with: Design for learning, service design, user research, web/app development, edtech, social entrepreneurship, impact mapping, UX design
Kushtrim Xhakli (Berlin)
Linkedin
Sagarika Sundaram (London)
Linkedin
Franziska C.E. Krüger (Berlin)
Linkedin
Justin Beswick (Cape town)
Robert Bolton (Toronto)
Linkedin
João Carreiro (Lisbon)
Consistently seeking new challenges, I have launched various businesses and help startups and corporates to achieve their goals by developing and implementing new products and approaches that answer to their needs. At the age of 18, I started my first co
Slack: Jhac , Linkedin
Can help with: Business development, Business strategy, Entrepreneurship, Event management, Leadership, Management, Management consulting, New business development, Organizational development, Organizational leadership, Product Design, Product Owner, Project management,
Matan-Paul Shetrit (San Francisco/Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Pierre Escobar (Brussels)
Pierre is the owner of L’atelier, a multidisciplinary creative studio active in the fields of design, architecture and real estate.
Linkedin
Can help with: Design, real estate, art, brussels, paris, nightlife, architecture
João Romão (Lisbon)
Linkedin
Tim Rutten (Amsterdam)
Linkedin
Scot Frank (Hong Kong)
Linkedin
Assaf Weisz (Toronto)
Linkedin
Rajeeb Dey (London)
Scott Schaffter (Washington DC)
International development human centered design consulting (bivee.co), healthcare / oncology online application (tx-tracker.com) and IOT / mesh network for disaster resilience (starling-data.com)
Slack: Sschafft , Linkedin
Can help with: Design, healthcare, web development, human centered design
Steve Daniels (New York (moving to San Francisco next month))
Linkedin
Amanda Colldén (Stockholm)
James Norris (DC, Singapore)
Linkedin
Pau Coto (Buenos Aires)
Researcher and policy adviser on education
Slack: Pau.coto , Linkedin
Can help with: Education policy
ANA KAREN RAMIREZ TELLEZ (Mexico)
Linkedin
Natasha Sherling (Dublin)
Z. MIchael Wang (Washington, DC (soon to be SF))
Linkedin
Seisei Tatebe-Goddu (NYC)
Linkedin
Bel Pesce (São Paulo)
Linkedin
Igor Piquet (Nomad)
Will Patrick (Boston)
Linkedin
Daniel Ramamoorthy (Dublin)
Marion Cortina (Mexico)
Linkedin
Christian Gabriel (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Steve Tam (Toronto)
Alexander ARGYROS (Singapore)
Jonathan Kalan (Nomad)
Co-founder, Unsettled. Former BBC columnist & media entrepreneur.
Linkedin
Can help with: Journalism, storytelling, experience design, coliving & coworking, business modeling, startup life.
Ed (New York City)
Partner at Tamarisc Ventures (early stage real estate tech VC) and Director at foundation focused on mental health
Linkedin
Can help with: Real estate, venture capital, startups, healthcare
Pernille Ravn (Copenhagen)
Linkedin
Tiziano Galli (Zurich)
Tech entrepreneur, investor, asset manager, medical researcher.
Slack: Tiziano , Linkedin
Can help with: Finance and capital markets, venture capital, cryptoassets, startup/entrepreneurial experience, natural medicine, spirituality
Lea Bauer (Global / Hubless)
Linkedin
Bethany Halbreich (New York (but would like to transition to Global))
Linkedin
Julia Menezes Profeta (Sao Paulo)
Linkedin
Yatan Blumenthal Vargas (Berlin)
Linkedin
Léa Peersman (Paris)
Nate Nichols (Philadelphia)
Linkedin
Nathan Miller (London)
Linkedin
Marcello Schermer (San Francisco)
Linkedin
Lilly Kam (Los Angeles)
Product Manager at will.i.am's AI tech startup i.am+, STEM advocate & philanthropist
Linkedin
Ekaterina Karabasheva (Berlin)
Linkedin
Yve Blake (London/New York/Nomad)
I write Musicals, TV Shows, and Musical TV shows. Currently based in Sydney but only here half the time :)
Linkedin
Can help with: Screenwriting, Songwriting, and Stage fright!
Alexandre Terrien (London)
Co-founder of Future Positive Capital, co-founder Kukua
Linkedin
Can help with: Investment, fundraising, Paris, London
Niamh Hughes (New York)
Linkedin
Yael Wissner-Levy (Tel Aviv)
Victoria Pfortmüller (Hubless)
Linkedin
Lella Sa (Nomad)
Kalsoom Lakhani (Washington, DC)
Linkedin
Michelle Blanchet (Leman/Zurich)
Linkedin
Richard Eric Birger Hylerstedt (Elsewhere)
Interdisciplinary designer+facilitator. Public sector innovation, service design, event strategy. Service Design Coach @hbgstad. Bike, camera, markers, travel!
Linkedin
Jennifer Miksch (Berlin)
Project Lead at Cyber Innovation Hub of the German Forces
Linkedin
Can help with: Cyber innovation defence feminism politics entrepreneurship
Danielle Reid (Berlin)
Linkedin
Luc Jodet (Léman)
I run BUYECO, a renewable energy marketplace which I founded 4 years ago. My background is in Energy, project finance and service design.
Slack: Luc , Linkedin
Can help with: Energy, finance, rapid prototyping
Timothy Low (Singapore)
I lead a non-profit in youth development, built and sold an edu-tech startup, and spent time as a VC.
Slack: Tim , Linkedin
Jameson Dempsey (DC)
Eoin Bara (Dublin)
Athena Karp (Tel Aviv)
Linkedin
Romain Boulongne (Paris)
David Skudlik (Berlin)
Bavarian by birth, now living in Berlin and traveling as often as possible to Italy, especially Rome. I'm helping performing artists, especially classical musicians, with the online marketing, websites and social media.
Slack: @davidskudlik , Linkedin
Can help with: Squarespace Web design, tickets to classical music concerts
Paul Gonzalez (Nomad)
Generation Y writer, published poet, day dreamer, hopeless romantic, avid blogger, fun facts reader, award winning entrepreneur, endless hustler, event producer, non-practicing accountant, Guinness World Record holder, foodie at heart, whiskey enthusiast,
Slack: Paulgonzalez , Linkedin
Can help with: Gratitude, food recommendations, coffee, distribution, event production, ghost writing
Marc P. Bernegger (Zurich)
Linkedin
Francesco Tizzani (Hong Kong)
Architect | Engineer | Entrepreneur
Linkedin
Can help with: Personal Branding, Architecture, Real Estate, Crypto
Janka Petocz (Brussels)
Meshal Lakhani (DC, Chattanooga)
Linkedin
Vera Eichenauer (Hubless)
Maria Gil Ulldemolins (Brussels)
Linkedin
Amanda Feldman (London)
Michael (Washington, DC)
Linkedin
Guilherme Périssé (São paulo)
Satrughan Kumar Singh (Sunny) (Singapore)
Linkedin
Tomas Laboutka (Singapore)
Board Advisor & Co-Founder at HotelQuickly, Forbes 30 under 30. Entrepreneur passionate about building great companies. An advocate of personal growth.
Linkedin
Andy Ellwood (New York City)
Linkedin
Michelle Lim (San Francisco)
Alex Simon (Washington, DC)
Linkedin
Sara Usinger (Hubless)
I spent the last years helping to build and run a Coworking Space in Cologne/Germany and one of the first Startup Accelerators in Iran. Right now I am working with Ecosystem players in the West Balkans.
Slack: Sara.usinger , Linkedin
Alex Chuang (Vancouver)
Linkedin
Karim Abouelnaga (NYC)
Cloe Shasha (New York City)
Director of Speaker Development, TED Conferences, LLC
Linkedin
RIYADH MOHAMMED (NYC)
Michael Frank (San Francisco)
Lauren Creedon (Boston)
Linkedin
Evan Walden (Hubless)
Alana Ramo (Washington, DC)
Connecting global institutions to the communities and causes they care about most.
Linkedin
Can help with: Cause marketing, strategic partnerships, bizdev, entrepreneurship, global development issues
Leen Sadder (New York)
Linkedin
Alice "La" Wang (New York City)
Linkedin
DJ Saul (DC)
Linkedin
Nastaran Tavakoli-Far (London)
Journalist, radio and podcast host
Slack: @nastarantavakolifar , Linkedin
Karen Mok (San Francisco)
Co-Founder at Disorient Media, a platform to elevate the visibility of immigrant and minority creators.
Linkedin
Can help with: Global expansion, media, community
Kim Bryden (Washington DC)
Kim Bryden is the CEO and Founder of Cureate® — @cureateco on Instagram & Facebook. Let’s talk: Small Business, Food & Beverage Entrepreneurship, Education, Local Sourcing. Listen and Learn more at The Tidbit http://bit.ly/thetidbit!
Slack: @kimbryden , Linkedin
Can help with: Food and beverage entrepreneurship, starting a small business, launching a B2C brand, local sourcing
Marta Loubet (Mexico City)
Antitrust Lawyer/ Art Historian
Linkedin
Can help with: Law (EU/ Mexico), Art History, Mentorship
Sarah Kathleen Peck (New York)
Linkedin
Member database|Blog|Manifesto|Bylaws|About|Join|Contact
© Copyright 2018 Sandbox

Type ! to start highlighting.